Chapter 1   
   
   Hermione, join me as Minister of Magic!Author: Ten-cut madmanBefore the Battle of Hogwarts, Lockhart opened the title page of his diary and reviewed his wish list:Gilderoy Lockhart's life wish update (01.09.1992):1. I want to be the Minister of Magic! 2. Married Hermione! 3. Then make Hermione Minister of Magic!After watching, Lockhart raised his wand.    Sorry, little Tom, you are in my way, go to hell!
   ,Lockhart began to ask himself - what kind of job should he have in order to survive?……It seems that it is not difficult to guess, the answer is already obvious, isn't it?I should fucking be the Minister of Magic!- Keywords: Hogwarts, Hogwarts, Harry Potter, Lockhart,Hermione, Ron, Dumbledore, Ministry of Magic, Magic Awakening, Duel, The Magic KeyChapter 1 Journey to Power from HogwartsAlbus Dumbledore sat at his claw-shaped desk, staring at the roster in front of him, completely motionless, as if lost in thought.Neither the rhythmic snoring of the surrounding magic portraits, nor the low humming of the phoenix Fawkes on the shelf behind the door from time to time after burying its head in its wings, could not wake Dumbledore from this special tranquility. This environment blends into one.This tranquility lasted until the gargoyle at the door made a sound, and it was finally broken.   Principal, Gilderoy Lockhart is visiting and waiting at your door.
    A loud voice sounded.Dumbledore moved slightly, as if he had been awakened by the sound.
   Bring him in,
    said Dumbledore.As the Gryphon's handle was raised to both sides, the wooden door of the principal's office slowly opened to both sides, while the person at the door stood still and walked in with his head held high until the wooden door was fully opened.The visitor was well-dressed and well-groomed, whether it was slim trousers or a well-ironed long-sleeve shirt, they were quite different from the slovenly image commonly seen among wizards.And the velvet wizard robe covered on the outside is also radiant, and it complements the waxed golden curly hair, giving the visitor a smooth and shiny feeling as a whole.If combined with the person's graceful demeanor and charming smile, a girl as young as 8 years old, and an old woman as high as 60, will be attracted by her involuntarily.
   Good day, Principal! Long time no see, I miss you very much.
   Gilderoy Lockhart walked until he was only a few steps away from Dumbledore, then bent down and gave Dumbledore a deep salute.Dumbledore stood up, and slowly stretched out his right hand, as if intending to shake hands with the visitor.Lockhart hurried forward two steps, took off his white gloves, stuffed them into his pockets, and held Dumbledore's right hand with both hands.Dumbledore frowned. He didn't know if he didn't like this kind of etiquette, or he could smell the faint cologne on Lockhart.
   Long time no see, Lockhart, I heard you've been at Loch Ness for the last few months■Gilderoy grinned, showing his shining big white teeth:    You don't have to be so born, you can call me Gilderoy, of course you can also call me 'Jill', if you want. 
   Dumbledore pulled out his right hand imperceptibly:    You are welcome, Gilderoy, please sit down... I personally also think that some unnecessary etiquette can be saved from now on.
   Lockhart did not remain polite, but obediently took the seat Dumbledore pointed out.
   I've been around Loch Ness lately, partly because Loch Ness is also in Scotland, so I can be closer to Hogwarts, and partly to help my old schoolmates keep order. You know, The summer vacation is here, and there are many more Muggles who come to Loch Ness to find the water monster. We have to spend a lot of time casting the Forgetting Charm every day.Dyke's, I know this. Dumbledore interrupted him, 
   Excellent Oblivion Charm, no side effects, and all the Muggles think they enjoyed a very good picnic by the lake. Pisgood thinks highly of you.
    
   
   It's delightful.
    Lockhart smiled wider.
   You just said 'closer to Hogwarts', does this mean that you have decided to accept the offer from Hogwarts? Dumbledore asked again.
   Of course!
    Lockhart opened his arms exaggeratedly, 
   Do you actually doubt that someone will refuse? Rejecting the employment of Hogwarts, the number one magic school in the world? This is the dream of many people in their school days. 
   
   I'm glad you still have such a high opinion of your alma mater ten years after you graduated, Gilderoy, but I must remind you that this position is a professor of Defense Against the Dark Arts. 
    Dumbledore reminded.Gilderoy Lockhart's smile restrained a little:    Well, of course I know.
   And you also heard what happened to Professor Quirrell last year, and the rumored curse that he cast on this class.
   Lockhart crossed his hands:    Of course! Poor Professor Quirrell, what a misfortune! And the curse of the mysterious man is indeed a difficult problem. persisted for more than a year.”As Lockhart said, it was 1954 when Voldemort came to Hogwarts to apply for a job and was rejected, and he also put a curse on the job in the same year, and 1992 was the year of Ling.This curse has been dormant like a poisonous snake since it was cast, and it has been quietly accumulating energy for many years in the past, and it didn't take effect until the last few yearsIf it did work instantly, that would mean that the subject of Defense Against the Dark Arts had already consumed 38 teachers at Hogwarts - but that was unlikely.According to many, the curse could have been saved if it had been discovered earlier.But when it really started to happen, even Dumbledore, the top anti-dark magician, could only say, 
   Maybe we could have done something, but it's too late now.
   In any case, teaching Defense Against the Dark Arts is a very dangerous job, even a little more dangerous than being the president of South Korea, and Lockhart knows it well.Dumbledore's gaze became playful.
   In that case, I'm curious, Gilderoy. Of course, it may be because I'm old and confused, and my memory has gone wrong. In my impression of your student days, you are not such a... er, I mean , since the Sorting Hat put you in Ravenclaw, not Gryffindor...
   
   Smartness far outweighs courage, so it's not like someone who would take the job.
    Lockhart added to his words.Seeing Lockhart speak clearly, Dumbledore felt a lot more relaxed: Of course, I hope this didn't hurt you.    
   No, Headmaster.
    Lockhart said normally.
   And when I chatted with Mr. Ollivander recently, he told me a very interesting news-your original wand doesn't fit you very well, so I went to him to change a wand. The situation is very rare.
    Dumbledore continued to test.After hearing this sentence, Lockhart showed an expression other than a smile for the first time since entering the principal's office.Generally speaking, Ollivander's wand shop will take into account the wizard's character, values, smartness, etc. when matching the wand for the wizard, so as to better match the wizard's soul.Different wand cores and woods will complement each other with the type of magic, magic power and personality that the wizard is good at. Ollivander calls it 
   the wand will choose the wizard
    and a wizard's wand will usually accompany him for a lifetime, even with the wizard. Buried in the ground together.Unless there is some particularly serious accident that stimulates the wizard's soul, causing the wizard's character or values ​​to change.
   It's been more than 10 years since I graduated, Principal.
    Lockhart said after consideration, 
   I have traveled all over the world in the past ten years, and I have encountered many interesting and dangerous things. This has greatly improved my life experience and personality. It is very helpful to sharpen... I wonder if you have read my book? For example, 
   Walking with Ghouls
   ?
   
   Of course, that's one of the reasons why I decided to hire you,
    said Dumbledore gently.
   So, you can't expect me to still have the same personality as when I was in school after going through so many things, doesn't that mean I haven't grown at all?
    Lockhart added.Dumbledore stared at Lockhart, and Lockhart sat there, staring quietly at Dumbledore.In the end, it was Dumbledore who took the lead to look away:    ...I see, please forgive an old man for being curious about new things.
   
   I didn't blame it at all, the headmaster. Considering the accidents that happened in the past few years, it is necessary to check the background of the new professor.
    Lockhart said.When he said this, Lockhart breathed a sigh of relief - it seemed that the matter had finally been concealed.Because he is not Gilderoy Lockhart at all, or in other words, not the original Lockhart himself, but just a small civil servant of the Great Empire who lived in the 0th century and watched the 
   Harry Potter
    series, and He also died suddenly because of 996.The original Gilderoy Lockhart had some deviations in this time and space. When he tried to use the Oblivion Curse to sneak attack a wizard who put down his vigilance and steal the opponent's record for himself, he was bounced back by the amulet on the opponent's body. Lost part of the power of the spell, causing his soul to go into confusion, and this was the reason why the dove took over the magpie's nest.
   Well, it doesn't look like there is any problem. If I have time in the future, I would be happy to talk to you about what happened during your trip.
   As Dumbledore spoke, he took out a letter of appointment.
   If you are ready, then sign this letter of employment. After signing, you will officially become a teacher at Hogwarts, and you will have a separate office, as well as points and deductions for students.
    Divided power...I hope you don't abuse it.
   Lockhart took the letter of appointment and began to read the terms with great interest.He has always been curious about the salary of Hogwarts employees. As the newly hired Potions teacher, Slughorn, even after bargaining with Dumbledore, the salary has not yet reached the wrong 100 Galleons/pint. The acromander venom occurs to the point of interest.But at the same time, Professor McGonagall, who taught Transfiguration, bought Harry a Nimbus 2000 without batting an eyelid. This shows that even among professors, there are differences in salary levels.However, considering the richness of expensive medicines in Snape's private collection, it may also be due to the fact that the dean's salary is particularly generous.Of course, Lockhart was just curious, because the original owner of the body had made some money by selling books. He had quite a fortune and didn't require a high monthly salary.Still, Lockhart couldn't help whistling when he glanced at his pay column, lest he realize immediately that he had been rude.
   You are really willing.
    He made an apologetic gesture.
   It seems that you are satisfied, that's good, after all, it is Defense Against the Dark Arts class, I have to consider some... extra expenses, you understand.
    Dumbledore was vague.
   It turns out that this salary also includes personal accident insurance and early severance pay, so this figure is normal.
    Lockhart nodded knowingly.Dumbledore seemed a little confused:    Personal... what?
   
   It's nothing, I'm ready to work, I don't know if you plan to take a look at my lesson preparation first, or test my magic level?
    Lockhart seemed confident, and quickly signed his appointment letter name.
   No, usually I don't interfere with the teaching work of professors. All you need to do is to issue a list of textbooks that students will buy this year, and choose your office location. In addition... there is another task to be given to you.
   
   What mission?
    Lockhart asked.Dumbledore stood up and handed Lockhart a piece of paper.
   We at Hogwarts admit many new students with magical talents every year, and some of them come from wizarding families or mixed-race families—these people usually don't need us to worry about.But it is a pity that non-magical people are usually skeptical of Hogwarts, and it is very hard work to convince the parents of these little wizards to let their children go to school.Last year, we had a wizard from a non-wizard family called Justin Fenriery who was going to Eton and his family thought so but then his mother and mother read your book , the view of Hogwarts seems to have changed. 
   
   So?
    Lockhart opened the envelope.
   So, I think you should be very talented in persuasion. This is a list and address of children from non-wizard families this year. I need you to bring the admission letter to persuade their parents. Of course, not with 
   The Obscure
    to frighten them. 
   
   No problem.
    Lockhart agreed immediately without pausing.Dumbledore smiled for the first time since today:    Very well, it seems that you have entered the role.
   
   Of course, when I walked into this office, I already started to think of myself as a teacher here.
    Lockhart returned Dumbledore with a brighter smile.This is a smile that has won Wizards Weekly's 
   Most Charming Smile Award
    five times!P.So new book is open!During the holidays, everyone can go out, play games, and have girlfriends, so you can spend time without reading books, right?So Shijua is very considerate and waits until after the holidays to open a new book. See how much I will worry about everyone! 0 (WatongChapter 2 
   Lockhart's Wiggle I
   Walking out of the headmaster's office, Lockhart let out a long breath.Although he was sure that the principal didn't use Legilimency on him, but his experience is here, and he can understand this young man clearly just by observing his words and emotions.Fortunately, Dumbledore didn't doubt him, and Lockhart took it lightly when he asked about the purpose of his application. Otherwise, there are some things that are hard to sayAfter discovering that he had traveled to the world of Harry Potter and became the famous 
   fancy adventurer
    Gilderoy Lockhart, Lockhart hesitated for a while.Because the original owner of this body is a complete deceitful person, the 
   glorious resume
    he wrote in many of his famous works are all plagiarized from other people's experience, and he also used the Amnestic Curse to make the original owner forget that experience.It has to be said that it is not easy to permanently erase the memory of a certain period of time without side effects, and Lockhart was well deserved when he was selected into Ravenclaw by the Sorting Hat.But apart from this beautiful Oblivion Charm, Lockhart has nothing to commend him in terms of magic. Apart from his writing style and that handsome face, he can be said to be useless.Although with this face and the 
   wonderful experience
    plagiarized, Lockhart has gained thousands of female wizard fans—and they are all ages from Hermione to Mrs. Weasley—but he has no real talent. As a result of his practical studies, his true colors were revealed during the year he taught at Hogwarts.If Lockhart knows how to hide himself, it is not impossible for him to rely on the halo of impressionGo on fooling the world for a while.However, his personality is really bad. Even though he has no real talent, he still likes to show off his 
   ability
    by stepping on others. As a result, he failed in less than a month. His own people hate ghosts, so that when he finally lost his memory and was admitted to the hospital, all the teachers and students in the school were rejoicing.The current Lockhart has not gone through that step, and what he inherited from the original owner is that handsome face, unreal reputation, excellent Oblivion Charm, and the 
   huge
    deposit earned by writing books.After time travel, Lockhart naturally also experienced a period of confusion, he thought for a long time) before deciding to accept Dumbledore's invitation to come to Hogwarts to teach.He was not unaware that the Defense Against the Dark Arts professorship at Hogwarts was cursed, but he decided to take the risk.Because he knew that if he continued to play tricks, he would be exposed sooner or later, so Lockhart decided to get out of the quagmire of making up his resume as soon as possible, and do some practical things to accumulate his life capital.But when he sorted out his current abilities, he found that he didn't seem to be able to do much at the moment.As a wizard, Lockhart's original owner's spellcasting level is a disaster: except for the Oblivion Curse, his life spells and black and white magic attainments perfectly inherit the original owner's expected level—that is, a mess.In addition to casting a series of spells related to the Oblivion Curse, Lockhart found that no matter what work he did that required practical hands-on work, that job would expose him to his magical abilities within three days, and finally he had to die after the halo shattered Get out and leave.Obviously, with this level of magic, it is absolutely impossible for Lockhart to live a normal life in the wizarding world. He needs a buffer period to    retrieve
    his 
   lost
    spells, and even if he retrieves them, he must The level of magic that endures for a long time may not be as good as the status quo of a Hogwarts seventh-year graduate.Lockhart began to ask himself—what kind of job should he be doing in order to survive?Or, what kind of job is there for someone like him?Is it suitable for a person who has no knowledge, a person who likes to talk, a person who has a thick skin, a person who does not pretend to be uncomfortable every day, and a person who has nothing but a good image and a high reputation?...It seems that it is not difficult to guess, the answer is already obvious, isn't it?I should fucking be the Minister of Magic!Only politicians can bring out their thick-skinned and black-hearted qualities to the extreme, and being ignorant of learning and skills will not cause any hindrance to political career, and even in a sense, it is a promotion.As Mark Twain said, 
   The more ignorant a man is, the more famous he is) and the more he gets paid.
   
   
   
Chapter 2   
   
   After making up his mind to run for the Minister of Magic, Lockhart finally settled down and began to plan his own development route.The Minister of Magic is a good job. Not only is he the head of many magical civil servants, but he is also the chief justice of the Wizengamot. Even that idiot Fudge was able to award himself a first-class Medal of the Order of Merlin when he was a minister, which can be described as a high position.It is precisely because of this that there are many people who want to do this, and there are many great wizards with ideals.Although Lockhart's foundation is not bad, it is still very difficult to get a position.Even if this is just the political circle of the magic world, he should have his own interest groups, a relatively good circle of contacts, a fundamental base of voters who support him, and the support of civil servants and the legal profession.And all he can rely on at present is his own 
   prestige
    and the 
   business ability
    he has cultivated from his childhood as a staff member.force
   That's why he still decided to accept the offer from Hogwarts when he knew that the Chamber of Secrets incident was about to break out and his situation would be very dangerous.Hogwarts is the alma mater of almost everyone in the British wizarding world. In order to establish his authority among the young wizards of the future, Lockhart must create an image of 
   facing difficulties
    for himself. Just for a year.As long as he survives this year, he can go to the Department of Magical Accidents and Disasters, use his forgetting spell to become an amnestic, and officially enter the political world.As for Voldemort's Rebellion... He could only choose to deal with it bravely and stand firmly on the side of the White Magic World for this kind of thing that could not be avoided no matter what.While there are some risks, the rewards are equally huge.As long as he finds a way to survive this period of time, after the famous Harry Potter overthrows Voldemort, he can use his 
   prophet
    advantage to operate and plan, take over Rufus Scrimgeour's position, and go On the post of Minister of Magic.After he has stayed in this position enough and earned his fame and fortune, he will pass the position of Minister of Magic to Hermione Granger and continue to control the political world.Anyway, Hermione is also a huge admirer of Lockhart.Dumbledore might or might not have seen what Lockhart was thinking, but none of that mattered.Anyway, Lao Deng just wanted to turn Harry Potter, the savior, into the shape he wanted as much as possible before Voldemort returned.As long as Lockhart didn't get in the way of his goal: Dumbledore probably wouldn't mind if he went a little too far with some things.Therefore, in this year's plan, Lockhart set himself the goal of becoming a qualified Defense Against the Dark Arts teacher, establishing his own influence among the students, and then trying to hold on to his own life as much as possible, not to die in a snake. Blame the sneak attack, and then go to the demon safely > go to the past/ren°For this goal, he needs to improve his magic strength as soon as possible, and he can no longer be a guy who can only forget the curse.There is also the need to carefully prepare lessons, not to reveal the truth in one lesson like the original owner. Lockhart intends to maintain his glorious image for a whole year.But before that, he had to go home to appease his mother, and at the same time prepare for the task assigned to him by the principal.This was the first task Dumbledore gave him, and Lockhart didn't want to mess it upChapter 3 The Energy Behind The Three BroomsticksAfter coming out of Hogwarts Castle, Lockhart was not in a hurry to return to London, but first went to Hogsmeade, a magical town next to the school.Of course, he didn't come here for no purpose, but to impress the parents of those students, so he had to come here to purchase some things, and at the same time make a preliminary preparation for his ambition.After shopping around for a long time, he stuffed the things he bought into his suitcase that had been cast with the traceless expansion spell, and came to the biggest bar in the town, Three Broomsticks, contentedly.Almost as soon as he entered the bar, one of the people inside spotted him.   Gideroy Lockhart!
   The hostess of the bar left aside the guests who were greeting her, and came straight to the door.
   Good afternoon, Ms. Rosmerta.
   Lockhart flashed his trademark smile and saluted the hostess.Rosmerta's eyes lit up:    You haven't been here for a long time, recently I... oh, - is everything going well?
   Lockhart blinked his left eye lightly, or more like a wink:    Thanks to you, it couldn't have been smoother...do you still have the wine I kept?
   Of course! I keep it in the best place in the cellar. How...is it the same? A large old Ogden's Fire whiskey with ice pucks and two scoops of soda?
    Rosmerta asked eagerly.
   Of course, or... have you invented any unique little recipe recently?
    Lockhart asked knowingly.
   Of course, do you want to try it?
    Rosmerta asked proudly.Lockhart smiled:    I'm very shy, and I don't always refuse the kindness from a lady, especially a beautiful lady.
   
   Still so glib!
   Rosmerta scoffed, and then walked towards the bar.Probably because of what they said just now, the guests who were thrown away by Rosmerta just now were a little dissatisfied.
   Hey! I also want to drink the wine made by Rosmerta himself!
    A wizard who was not wearing a wizard hat and showed a bald head shouted.Rosmerta slipped past him nimbly:    Yes, a Gold Galleon-cup, otherwise we won't talk about it.
   
   What? It's so expensive? Then why is that little boy okay?
    the wizard shouted.Rosmerta's preference for Lockhart is almost obvious:    If you can kill a werewolf with your own hands, and you can taste the same wine in different years and origins, I will also be happy to mix a glass for the hero in my heart.
   Seeing the wizard looking at him, Lockhart didn't say much, but directly found a seat on the side and sat down.Although he didn't like the atmosphere of this bar, Ms. Rosmerta was the person Loja wanted to make friends with.If he remembers correctly, the social circle of this woman in the original book is astonishingly large. Not only many young wizards from Hogwarts know her, but even the professors at Hogwarts have a good relationship with her, and even Even Fudge, the Minister of Magic, and the goblins adore her, even inviting her to sit down for a drink when they visit.Of course, this may also have something to do with her beautiful figure and face.In short, as long as we have a good relationship with her, when Lockhart needs to see someone in the futureYou can make a transfer through Rosmer Tower, which will be much more convenient.Besides, being with a lady who is pleasing to the eye is always sensually relaxing, isn't it?The snarling wizard just now seemed to want to come over to make trouble, but Lockhart secretly pointed the wand stuffed in his sleeve to that side, and then the wizard sat back on his seat and began to drink dull wine.Lockhart quietly breathed a sigh of relief when he saw that no one around him noticed his movements.What he had cast just now was a silent version of the Confusion Charm, making the wizard think he was a heavy drinker and in a good mood today.Lockhart had to find a way to re-plan his spell system after he realized that he had inherited the original owner's memory and his basic spell-casting skills were astonishingly poor.There is no way, let alone fighting against Voldemort and Death Eaters, even if he wants to protect himself or maintain his 
   glorious image
    every day, he has to find a way to improve his magical strength,Although there is no so-called 
   spell slot
    in DND, a person's energy is limited, so even if he has learned all the spells and understood the principle of the spells, a wizard will still have spells he is good at and spells he is not so good at.Even for an all-round wizard like Dumbledore, Transfiguration is his bottom-of-the-box skill.The Oblivion Curse is Lockhart's forte, so his magic system must be configured based on this.Because the core of the Forgetting Curse is to confuse the memory and thinking of the target, as the 
   pre-skill
    of the Forgetting Curse, Lockhart found that he is also quite talented in confusing and hypnotizing spells.In addition, there are some spells on the spiritual level, such as the bloodthirsty spell that irritates people, the slow spell that slows people's thinking, and the spells that cause people to hallucinate. Lockhart is also very fast to learn again.In contrast, Lockhart's mastery of Transfiguration was a disaster.In addition to a series of transformations, such as elemental fireball, water prison, and hurricaneetc. After trying it, Lockhart found that he couldn’t do it at all, but the Iron Armor Curse, Flying Curse, and Cutting Curse of the spell system were much better. The situation of using it is better, but it is far inferior to spiritual spells such as the forgetting spell.That's why the Confusion Curse he secretly used on that bald wizard just now was not discovered.
    Even though there are obviously many people present-these are the results of Lockhart's meticulous training these days.Looks like I'm more or less capable of fighting, Lockhart thought.Those who engage in organizational work like him don't have a particularly strong backing. If they don't have any real skills, how can they convince the people below?After entering the inner bar, Rosmerta quickly re-emerged with a silver plate, and placed a glass of wine and a plate of Scottish butter biscuits on his table.
   Lambert didn't trouble you just now, did he?
    Rosmerta asked with concern.
   Is his name Lambert... No, he is busy drinking, maybe he has something on his mind.
    Lockhart raised his glass.Rosmerta glanced over there:    He does have something on his mind...his lover ran away with someone else.
   
   Oh?
    Lockhart suddenly became interested, 
   Tell me about it, drinking dry wine is so boring.
   
   Bad guy!
    Rosmerta cursed with a smile, but she didn't refuse.Spreading gossip is one of Rosmerta's instinctive hobbies, otherwise she would not choose to open a bar.She happily told Lockhart:    Lambert originally had a childhood sweetheart, a witch named Yennefer, but recently she fell in love with a white-haired long-haired Muggle, who seemed to be called Gerald What the heck, I dumped him, so even people who bring him a little more handsome recently have to go up and find trouble.
   
   That's pathetic,
    said Lockhart sympathetically.
   But how can I see schadenfreude from your face?
    Rosmerta broke him.
   Nothing.
   He took a sip of the wine he served, and firmly denied Rosmerta's accusation—this is the basic quality of a civil servant, and he would never say anything that would make him responsible.Then he changed the subject:    Well... I'm not surprised that you added a little honey to it, but you added a little cherry juice? It's strange, but the taste is very good, and the light sauce in the old wine It tastes great.
   Rosmerta was indeed distracted:    My God, that's right! I really want to cut off your tongue, make it into a magic mouth and store it up, so that I can taste the newly brewed wine for me every day.
   Lockhart didn't dare to take her words as a pure joke, since this is the wizarding world.But he is indeed very confident in wine tasting, because this thing is a classic topic in political clubs, if he doesn't know how to taste wine, it will be difficult for him to climb up.Seeing that the timing was almost here, Lockhart proposed his intention to come.
   Rosmerta, I recently discovered a good opportunity to earn gold in the Muggle world, but I don't have a lot of British pounds, that is, Muggle currency, can you introduce me to Mr. Ragno of Gringotts Bank ?
   If Lockhart remembers correctly, Ragnor is one of the leaders of the goblins in Gringotts—and Bill Weasley tried to persuade him to join the alliance when he was fighting Voldemort, but he failed in the end.Rosmerta showed a disappointed expression:    I knew you wouldn't come to me just because you have nothing to do.
   
   How?
    said Lockhart with cheeky basics, 
   I have to earnYou have to get enough Galleons to visit the beautiful Rosmer Tower frequently. Your spending here is really not cheap. 
   
   You get what you pay for, you order the most expensive wine every time you come here, so don't blame me for the expensive things here. Look at those little wizards, they drink butter beer with a Sickle and a bottle very happily .”
   Butterbeer... forgive me, that's a calorie bomb. As an iconoclast, I have to keep in shape.
    Lockhart grimaced.
   Really?
    Rosmerta subconsciously glanced at Lockhart's chest, and saw the outline of muscles from the slim-fitting coat.Indeed, no matter whether they are skinny or potbellied, wizards do not need to use their muscles very much, so except for Quidditch players, it is rare to see a good figure. Obviously, I am afraid that the magic potion does have muscle-enhancing agents.But Lockhart was an exception. He paid great attention to self-care, so even though he was 28 years old this year, his appearance and figure were no different from those of young people.Rosmerta felt a little hot all over his body.
   Maybe I can help with this,
    she said, 
   but Mr. Raguenot is very busy. Even if he is tempted by gold, it will take him a while to find time... Do you want to stay here tonight?
   Chapter 4 Lockhart with both endsIn the morning, Rosmerta woke up from his sleep.The first thing she did when she opened her eyes was to subconsciously look at her pillow, but she found that there was no one there, and the pillows and quilt beside her were as neat as new.Sure enough... was the madness last night just a dream?She rubbed her temples and slowly sat up, ready to get out of bed to tidy up the counter, waiting for the door to open.However, she found a glass of clear water on the bedside cabinet, with a note under it.The letters on the note are all written in flying and phoenix dances, which is Lockhart's best signature cursive calligraphy.
   Dear Rosa: You were so good last night!Seeing that you were sleeping soundly, I didn't want to wake you up.But today I have an appointment to go home to see my mother, so I have to leave early. It's a pity that I can't give you a smile with the morning sun and dew.I added two drops of Buffy Brain Refreshing Toner to the water at the bedside. There is breakfast prepared for you on the bar. I used a concealment spell to prevent it from being eaten by the cat outside your store. You used the revealing spell to transform it just fine.Looking forward to a more wonderful meeting next time, I hope it will be next to the waterfalls in Seljalands, or in the hot springs in Pamukkale.Love you Gilderoy Lockhart   
   Hmph, sweet talk, it's as if it's true!
   After reading the message, Rosmerta crumpled the note while muttering, and walked towards the trash can in the bedroom.But after walking a few steps, she hesitated, and she straightened the paper andHe folded it up and stuffed it into a dark box deep in his closet.Then, she hastily put on a coat, didn't eat breakfast, but went straight to the attic of her own shop, and began to write letters to the fairy Ragnol.As a responsible civil servant, Lockhart's nature is very similar to that of the original owner - pushy and unscrupulous in order to achieve his goals.It's just that the current Lockhart thinks that the bottom line is a little bit higher, and he is more intelligent and superior than the original owner.Since Rosmerta likes the feeling of wandering among many important people, then Lockhart gave her what she wanted. Anyway, there is no shortage of things like courtesans, and he doesn't think this kind of Women are difficult.But compared with the woman he met by chance, another woman is more important to him now, and that is his mother, Mrs. Lockhart.On the way home driving his 
   Lotus
    car that was enlarged with the traceless expansion spell, Lockhart has been thinking about how to deal with the 
   mother
    in his bodyIt can be said that Lockhart's pushy character in the original book was all created by Mrs. Lockhart.Because Lockhart's father is a Muggle (non-magical person), and his mother is a witch, and among their three children, only Lockhart is a boy, and has magical talents, while the two sisters have no at all.So of course, whether it is 
   the only wizard
    or 
   the only male
   , Lockhart has enjoyed most of the love from his parents since he was a child, and his pushy and vain character was also developed at that time of.But it is a pity that after entering Hogwarts, he was assigned to Ravenclaw, where geniuses gather... It can only be said to be a tragedy.Frankly speaking, he is not stupid, otherwise he would not be sorted into LaVine by the sorting hatCrowe, but his cleverness seems to be used on 
   how to make yourself stand out
   , and his classwork can only be said to be average, and this gap makes his personality even more extremeSo much so that after graduating, he used all means to become famous, and began to inquire about the deeds of celebrities, and used the forgetting curse to plunder, and put all the achievements of others on himself-isn't this due to the character he cultivated since he was a child?
   
   
Chapter 3   
   
   In addition, this can also explain one point—that is, Hogwarts may not be good at 
   educating people
    in terms of 
   teaching and educating people
   , and Lockhart is not the only example.In the eyes of the newborn Lockhart, being showy is actually a good thing, which will make people feel more honorable and motivated to move forward, but the original owner does not understand the difference between 
   worthy of the name
    and 
   not worthy of the name
   . In fame, he chose the cheapest oneOr to put it a little harsher, if you don’t have the skills, if you don’t succeed, you will pretend to be stupid [Jiebi]But no matter how much Lockhart brags, this Mrs. Lockhart chose to believe, and said what a great person her son was when she met a wizard. This is also a common problem of mothers.Parking the car at the door in memory, Lockhart yelled at the door.
   Mom, I'm back!
   Mrs. Lockhart moved upon hearing the news and pushed the door out.
   Oh, my little Gilder! You're back at last! Why don't you Apparate? Or use Floo powder.
   Lockhart stepped forward and hugged the happy middle-aged woman.
   That's so rude, Mom. And Kelleher and Serge are coming back to wish you a birthday, and then they're coming home, and I always have to see them off.
   
   Their husbands have cars, let them pick them up, you are too tired from the long journeyThe.JJMrs. Lockhart waved her hand indifferently, and let Lockhart help her into the door.Lockhart said in his heart that your eccentricity is too outrageous. If his two sisters hear it, they are afraid...
   Oh, my dear sisters, it turns out that you are already here... How are you doing recently?Seeing the two pale-faced women in the corridor, Lockhart grinned habitually, and then went up to say hello—this has gradually become his instinct.厶dagger 冃dagger.
   we are doing well.
   Keleher squeezed her cheeks and gave a forced smile.
   Mother's eccentric eye
    is something I can't get used to no matter how I endure it.But Lockhart knew that this was caused by his mother's psychological gap.Kelleher's name comes from the queen of giants in Scottish mythology, while Serki is a swan banshee in Scottish mythology, and Gildero himself is a great thief in Scottish folklore.If you only look at the names, Mrs. Lockhart might have had more expectations for the witchcraft talents of her two daughters.At the birthday party, Mrs. Lockhart loved the magic ruby ​​necklace given by her son, but she was indifferent to the Chanel bags and silverware given by her daughters.Seeing the ugly faces of the two sisters during the banquet, Lockhart was even more embarrassed.But he couldn't spoil his mother's interest, so he could only continue to say what she liked to hear, and finally got through this difficult birthday party.Although Mrs. Lockhart said no, and her sisters also declined, LockhartIn the end, he still insisted on driving his own car to take them home.
   The law and order in the UK is getting worse and worse. Recently, Argentina won the Falklands War. Those hooligans are running around in the name of celebration. I dare not let them go home by themselves.
    Lockhart explained to his mother road.What Lockhart said was the truth, no matter how biased Mrs. Lockhart was, she was not to the point of ignoring the danger her two daughters were facing, so she agreed to Lockhart's sympathy.
   Sitting in the car environment that has been magically expanded and decorated to look like a presidential suite.Even though Kelleher and Serge were still a little upset, they still couldn't hold back their curiosity.
   The roof... is not empty, I thought London could see the starry sky againI 
   ■Serki poked it, only to realize that it wasn't a sunroof, but an enchanted roof.Not only that, like the Ministry of Magic's car, Lockhart's car has undergone some other modifications in addition to casting the expansion spell. Although it does not have the function of taking off like the Weasley family's car, it can fly across the British countryside. That bad gravel road without bumps is a breeze.If you want, I can get two of these cars for you. It will be more convenient to pick up the children and go shopping in the supermarket, and you will never get motion sickness. said Lockhart.At his words, Kelleher narrowed his eyes.Well, what the hell are you thinking about?Let's face it, you don't do us favors without a reason, and I know you all too well, brother. 
   
   Oh my God!
    Lockhart exclaimed exaggeratedly, Newyuel cared about his own sister and was suspected of having ulterior motives, what kind of image do I have in your hearts?
   You know the image yourself. Don't interrupt...it's okay to just say it, otherwise we won't feel at ease.
   Lockhart knew that it would not happen overnight to change people's concepts, so he had to settle for the second best for the time being.
   Although I think there must be some misunderstanding between us, I do have something wrong this time...
   While speaking, Lockhart looked back from the modified rearview mirror, and saw his two sisters showing 
   so sure
    expressions.
   ...Well, I recently saw an opportunity to do some gold, sterling and dollar business, so I wanted to talk to William,
    Lockhart said.William is Kelleher's husband. Hearing what Lockhart said, Kelleher was a little alert.
   What are you doing? He's just a business manager.
   
   Enough,
    said Lockhart. 
   Tell him that the pound is likely to lose its value these days. I just happen to know a man—probably not a man—who has a lot of pounds, and It's useless to him, he just wants to turn those pounds into gold. We can join forces and do a big deal and each get what he wantsKelleher looked at him suspiciously for a moment before speaking.
   I can go and talk about it for you, but I don't understand finance, and you have to discuss the details yourself.
   She didn't agree immediately, obviously she still had doubts.Lockhart was still concentrating on driving on the surface, but he was happy in his heart.
   That's enough, my dear sister, as long as this big deal is done, you can think about whether you should go to the Maldives or Hawaii for your vacation this year.
   Chapter 5 A good appearance is a necessary condition for communication between the two worldsOriginally, Lockhart thought that his sister should be the first to reply to him, but it was the goblin Ragnor of Gringotts Bank who responded first.On the morning of his mother's birthday, he received a reply from the goblin, just as he was about to fulfill his duties as a teacher at Hogwarts, convincing the parents of Muggle-born students .Considering the time it takes for the owl to send letters back and forth, Lockhart guessed that the goblin should have made a decision within a few minutes after receiving Rosmerta's recommendation.That's right, at this time Raguenor should not have been tricked by Ludo Bagman with leprechaun gold coins, and it was still in large-scale events such as the Quidditch World Cup and the Triwizard Tournament, so there should be some respect for wizards. Minimum trust.
   Dear Mr Lockhart:I am very interested in your suggestion, and I am willing to wait for your arrival. Please tell me a time to make an appointment, and we will be ready.Sincerely, Gringotts Bank   Lockhart thought for a while, and set the time in three days, believing that this time would be enough for the owl to fly back and for Gringotts to make preparations.He wrote the reply briskly, without keeping the Gringotts owl waiting long, and while stuffing the scroll in the leather pouch on its lap, he gave it an extra small fried fish.The owl took Lockhart's 
   postage
    in one bite, seemed very satisfied with the treat, raised its head and swallowed the fried fish, then flapped its wings and flew away.There was still no call from my sister, so Lockhart put a reminder spell next to the phone, then picked up the car keys and went out.There were not many people on the list that Dumbledore gave him, only twelve people.Hogwarts enrolls fewer than one hundred people each year, and Harry Potter's class only had about 40 students in total.This can be seen from the preparation of the teaching staff - Mrs. Hooch prepared 20 brooms for the students of Gryffindor and Slytherin in the flying class, and Professor Sprout prepared 20 brooms for the students of Gryffindor and Hulk. [-] pairs of earmuffs were prepared by two students of Chippech Academy.And this year is slightly better than last year, reaching more than 70 people, probably because the wizarding world also ushered in a baby boom after Voldemort's first defeat. Most of these young wizards came from pure-blood or mixed-blood families.Moreover, not every Muggle family who received the owl letter can't figure it out. Officials from the Ministry of Magic have also sent people to warn their children when they show their magical talents, and they have explained to a certain extent, so the parents will not Take Hogwarts letters as hoaxes.In other words, parents who still refuse their children to study at Hogwarts, probably have other ideas.If it is normal, the officials of the Ministry of Magic will be happy to add some 
   insurance measures
    for these children, so that these children will not have magical riots again, and let them live normally like Muggles.The pure-blood wizards are very happy to see this. They don't want these dirty 
   mudbloods
    to enter the school and tarnish the glorious Hogwarts.But Dumbledore considered that Hogwarts once had a peak history of 1000 students, and the current size of about 300 students is really too big.He wanted to bring in as many Muggle-born wizards as possible, and balance the power of the pure-blood family by the way.Although he has rich experience, it is not impossible to convince a group of parents, but he does not want to waste too much time on this kind of thing.Since Voldemort's return was an inevitability, and Dumbledore hadHaving seen Voldemort's remnant soul (the Sorcerer's Stone incident) again, it is imperative to speed up the layout and create the perfect savior in his mind. He doesn't have the Maldives time to tangle with a group of parents.Dumbledore noticed that students like Justin Finlayley were British 
   Dragonians
    who were going to Eton College, but his mother, Mrs. Finlayry, changed after reading Lockhart's book. The idea, sending the child to Hogwarts, it can be seen that Lockhart's charm really is all ages.So the job fell to Lockhart.
   Even poisonous snakes have their uses.
    Dumbledore said this to Professor McGonagall in private, complaining that even if he is just a liar, students will be educated in the process of revealing their true colors.Let them know what kind of person they should be and what kind of person they should not be. 
   Of course Lockhart himself did not know these details, but this did not prevent him from taking the matter very seriously.After all, politicians have been cultivating successors and developing factions since school days: since Lockhart has made up his mind to become the Minister of Magic, he should exert his influence on young wizards as soon as possible while their minds are still unstable, and cultivate confidants. is the best policyIn this way, even if he no longer coaches at Hogwarts after a year, the club passed down by his confidantes will become a constant source of new blood for his political team.He drove the car all the way to South Kensington in the Chelsea district of London, and parked outside the courtyard of a rather chic residence.Although this house is not small, but considering that this is the most expensive area in the UK, everyone who is eligible to live here cannot underestimate it.Lockhart roughly guessed it when he saw the address - even if he doesn't come to Hogwarts, he can still get along well, why send the child to a place that is completely out of his control and whose future is uncertain? ?After he rang the doorbell, a young woman in a formal dress slowly opened the door for him.   Hello, is this the Mason Mansion?
    Lockhart asked politely.Hearing this, the young woman looked Lockhart up and down.Lockhart dressed up carefully for today's meeting. In addition to a crisply pressed white shirt and handmade trousers with obvious creases, he also wore a sky blue tuxedo-style suit. An improved wizard robe with lengthening.About 85% of the elements of Muggle clothing and 15% of the characteristics of wizard clothing, this will not make Muggles feel very weird, but also add a unique temperament, coupled with the unique affinity of sky blue for women, Loha It can be said that he used his heart.People are always a visual animal, neat clothes and handsome appearance can always leave a good first impression on people quickly, and the color and style can also bring some psychological hints to people, so the matching of clothes is right for qualified people. It is also compulsory for civil servants and politicians.The woman seemed to let her guard down a little:   Yes, are you...
   Lockhart put on his usual business-specific smile:    I, Gilderoy Lockhart, is a professor at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Witchcraft, and I had an appointment before... May I ask this lady, is Mrs. Mason at home? 
   The young woman's eyes froze, and she stroked her hair subconsciously: I amLockhart immediately made an annoyed expression:    Sorry, please forgive my mistake, Mrs. Mason.
   
   It doesn't matter.
    Mrs. Mason repeatedly said that she didn't mind, 
   So you are Professor Lockhart, I thought... Actually, I have seen your
   Ministry of Magic' officials, I thought all wizards were like that... informal
   I apologize for the trouble they have caused you, ma'am,
    said Lockhart. 
   It is the nature of public officials, whether wizarding or non-magical, to be insolent and disrespectful to anyone over whom they are not empowered. That's all.
   
   That's true.
    Mrs. Mason expressed her understanding. Obviously, she and her husband had dealt with such people before.
   Excuse me, where should I park the car so that it won't hinder you and your neighbors' travel?
    Lockhart asked again.It was only then that Mrs. Mason realized that it seemed impolite for her to let someone stand at the door. In order to cover herself, she went out and pointed to a passage between her own house and the neighbor's house.
   Your car can go through the path over there. I will park it next to the garage in the backyard of my house and I will get you some drinks. What would you like? Tea? Coffee? Or a glass of brandy?
   Lockhart didn't mean to back off:    Tea is fine, thank you.
   Under Mrs. Mason's puzzled gaze, Lockhart raised his right index finger and snapped his fingers at his car.The car immediately vibrated again, and then obediently slipped behind the house along the path pointed out by Mrs. Mason.But Mrs. Mason could see clearly—there was obviously no one in the car!Seeing her dumbfounded, Lockhart said a witty remark:    It's already a qualified car, you have to learn how to drive yourself.
   Mrs. Mason swallowed a mouthful of saliva, then moved away:    Please come inChapter 6 Lockhart says Mrs MasonIn the living room, Mrs. Mason didn't keep Lockhart waiting long, and quickly brought a pot of tea, a jug of milk, and a few cookies, and then pointed to the sugar on the table, asking Lockhart to do it himself.Lockhart didn't add anything, but directly took a sip from his teacup.
   Drinking the tea from the Dajiling lineage in Wuyi Mountain in the morning has a slight 
   blood-washing
    effect, and it is also very popular in the wizarding world. Thank you for your hospitality...
   Lockhart thanked him first, and then straight to the point, he explained why he cameI recently heard that Mr. Mason's academic plan has undergone some changes., may I know what you and your lover think about this? 
   Mrs. Mason smiled embarrassingly—the other party was polite and kind, and she was a little embarrassed if she wanted to refuse.She weighed her words carefully:    Please understand that for our family, Sam's future was a certainty very early on, and that he had a certain talent - something we didn't know before - It was a complete accident for us. Although we don't know whether this accident will have a positive or negative impact on him, we don't want him to deviate too far from the original track.
   
   
   
Chapter 4   
   
   
   If he really didn't want to go, then the deviation wouldn't exist at all,
    Lockhart said.Dike's, doesn't exist anymore. ’ Mrs. Mason agreed very much.
   This is undoubtedly a good thing.
    Lockhart followed her words, 
   Parents have planned the future for their children, and the children will go on step by step, and they will always get the expected benefits in the end, although there will be no surprises. , but there will be no surprises, and the harvest will be guaranteed due to drought and flood.”Mrs. Mason didn't expect him to say that - she thought Lockhart meant itConvince the couple and let their son go to Hogwarts to study.Because it was too unexpected, she didn't know what to say.But Lockhart didn't stop there:    Of course, I know that your husband is running a brilliant construction company, he is highly respected, and everyone responds to him. I believe your child will inherit his talent and will be able to use it well in the future.
    this class takes overMrs. Mason was embarrassed by what he said:    No, no, it's not that good. Sam doesn't like to socialize very much. His father and I have always been worried that he will have no social circle in the future.
   
   It sounds like a good seedling who specializes in technology or law, and he must be outstanding in schoolwork.
    Lockhart continued to praise.Listening to Loha talking about his children, Mrs. Mason became excited:    Sam's spelling and Latin are indeed okay, but his art, mathematics and science are not so satisfactory. I'm afraid I can't be an architect, but if Going to business school, we are worried about socializing, so we want him to use his strengths to improve Latin, and then take the civil service exam [=]JJ Bei...Lockhart knew exactly what she was talking about—although Latin is not a compulsory subject in British public schools, it is a compulsory subject in those 
   high-end
    private schools, and many civil service exams are also compulsory. Tested in Latin—British class solidification is so simple and crude that outsiders are embarrassed to point it out.She talked on and on for several minutes, and Lockhart listened patiently, nodding and echoing every now and then to show he was paying attention.It wasn't until the end that he interjected while Mrs. Mason was taking a breath:    I see...Hogwarts also has Latin studies.
   
   Hogwarts also has Latin?
    Mrs. Mason asked curiously, 
   Making tricks... Why do schools that study magic learn Latin?
   Lockhart sighed:    It seems that you have misunderstood us deeply... In fact, if you want to master ancient runes, magic principles, or communicate with foreign wizards, you need a high level of Latin. Many spells Both need to be pronounced in Latin, like...
   As he spoke, he took out his wand and waved his finger at the teapot:    Wingardium Levisa (Wingardium Levisa)!Although Lockhart is not familiar with many spells now, and he only picked up some of them after various exercises, but the Levitation spell is the foundation of all spells, and Lockhart still has no problem using it. After all, he was a Hogwarts student who graduated normally.Seeing Mrs. Mason staring dumbfoundedly at the rising teapot, the smile on Lockhart's face grew brighter.Io you heard that, it's a typical Latin incantation.If your child is proficient in Latin, he will have a huge advantage in school. 
   No matter how many things a person hears, it is not as shocking as what he sees. Mrs. Kemeisen began to think seriously.
   It would be a good decision if Hogwarts made Latin a compulsory subject, but what use are these things? Lift up the teapot?
    Her tone began to change.
   Of course it's impossible to just lift things up. Our people also have to work and live!
    Lockhart waved his hand and put the teapot down. a present.
   Lockhart pointed his wand at a point in the air, and summoned the vial he had stored in advance out of thin air.This medicine bottle is a square shape made of crystal, the decoration is very simple, and it contains an emerald-like clear liquid, which looks very dazzling.
   It's a small bottle of Buffy's mind-boosting potion, and just a few drops can give you a big boost.
   It improves the thinking and memory, makes learning and work more efficient, and has no side effects, so a small bottle costs 5 Galleons—that is, gold coins. 
   Seeing that Mrs. Mason was puzzled, Lockhart added another sentence.
   Is it so magical?
    Mrs. Mason stared at the small bottle and asked.If she hadn't seen the car that could drive herself and the teapot that flew out of thin air just now, Mrs. Mason might still have doubts, but now she was dubious.
   Of course, this is one of several side-effect-free potions recognized by Extraordinary Pharmacists. Potions is also one of the compulsory courses at Hogwarts. Some students make a living from it after graduation, earning a lot of money.
    Lockhart Encouragement, Mang, besides that, they occasionally make some radiant lotion that can eliminate wrinkles...
   
   Eliminate what?
    Mrs. Mason raised her tone suddenly, and her voice became a little urgent.
   Wrinkles.
    Lockhart repeated again:    Wrinkles and gray hair are the enemies of women, and witches don't like them either, and such potions on the market are usually very popular.
   He casually summoned a bottle of pink ointment from the air:    This is it, you only need to use it once, and you won't see any wrinkles for about a week. Ms. Rosmerta, the hostess of the three broomsticks strongly Recommend this, she's been running the bar for years, but bless Merlin, when I went by yesterday, she's still the same as a 17-year-old girl - in every way.
   Mrs. Mason could hardly take her eyes off the bottle of pink ointment.
   How much does this... cost?
   
   It's cheaper than Buffy Brain Refreshing Potion, only 1 Galleon and 15 Sickles... Oh, I hope you know, I'm not a drug dealer, but a professor.
    Lockhart forcefully brought the topic back.It was only then that Mrs. Mason realized that she had been rude:    ...you are right.
   
   I just showed you one of the many possibilities for school graduates,Of course, going to Romania to raise dragons or go to Egypt to work as a spellbreaker may be too far away from your life, but you have met the people from the Ministry of Magic, haven't you?Our Ministry of Magic has a direct line to the British Prime Minister's office, and some things will be reported directly to the Prime Minister.In addition, there are Gringotts Bank, the Daily Prophet newspaper, Wizard Radio, St. Mungo's Hospital, the courts, and even magic travel vehicles. oo In short, we also have a lot of work. 
   Mrs. Mason nodded, indicating that she understood.Seeing that the time was ripe, Lockhart finally started his general attack.
   Of course, I'm not saying this to prove anything, I'm just raising such a 'possibility' to you and your children. 
   
   Possibility?
    repeated Mrs. Mason.Lockhart has instilled too many things in her mind for a while, she has to think about it——Mu MuDyke's, possibility. Lockhart repeated, 
   Of course, your arrangement for your child's future can be said to be perfect, but that is only one of the countless possibilities for your child's future. Is this path the 
   best solution
    for your child?
    , no one knows.But like Latin, magic is one of many gifts your child possesses, and it is such an extraordinary and rare gift that if you force your child to It's hard for me to say it's the right choice to give up such a 
   possibility
    that could bring him greatness.
   After speaking, Lockhart took a sip of tea and let Mrs. Mason think for herself.Mrs. Mason thought about it for about a minute before slowly opening her mouth again.
   So... besides Potions and Latin, what else is taught at Hogwarts?Seeing her let go, Lockhart added without losing the opportunity:    Too many, LatinaWen belongs to a branch of ancient runes, in addition to spells, transformation, herbalism, astronomy, flight, defense, protection of magical creatures, etc... Believe me, these tasks are not easy, we Hogwarts and Like Eton College, it also implements elite education. 
   Mrs. Mason hesitated:    It sounds like only Latin, herbal medicine and astronomy can be used as 
   specialties
    to apply to universities? 
   F like riding and the like, you need to learn by yourself. 
   Lockhart laughed in his heart:    Latin is a compulsory language for civil servants, and identifying plants and studying astronomy are also noble hobbies. Of course, you can apply to the university. 
   
   If I remember correctly, Hogwarts only teaches them until they are seventeen?
    asked Mrs. Mason again.
   Yes, it just happened to be connected to your university, and the six-month middle school course was taken with Buffy Brain Refreshing Agent. Your child is equivalent to six years of ordinary children's study.
   
   In that case, I will discuss it with my husband when he comes back.
    Mrs. Mason was finally moved. 
   Also, you are sure to teach at Hogwarts, right?
   
   Yes.
    Lockhart replied without hesitation.
   Great, I hope to ask Sam for his opinion when he comes back. In fact, Sam was very dissatisfied when he heard that we hid the letter from Hogwarts...
    Mrs. Mason said with a wry smile.
   Understandable.
    Lockhart said to himself, sure enough.Children, when they heard that they could learn magic, who would think about what to learn—the quadratic equation.
   Then it's settled. If you still have any doubts, you can talk to Mr. Dursley. They have a nephew named Harry Potter, who is currently studying at Hogwarts and will start his second year this year. Yes.
    Lockhart added.
   Dursley.
    Mrs. Mason remembered something:    That Vernon who sold the drilling rigo Dursley? 
   Yes. 
    Lockhart confirmed her guess.
   I didn't know they had a nephew!
    Mrs. Mason exaggerated. 
   That guy was pestering my husband every day, selling him his drills, and inviting us to his house at the end of this month. I didn't know they were too. People there!
   
   Uh, they're not... Forget it, you can find out for yourself.
    Lockhart felt that it was better to say less about this.
   I understand your opinion. If there is a responsible teacher like you in the school, I can rest assured of Hogwarts.
   Although Mrs. Mason didn't say it clearly, the meaning behind her words was already biased, and Lockhart could naturally hear it.
   Then I will wait for the good news... After you make a decision, you can borrow that Harry Potter's owl to send a letter to Hogwarts. I will visit again in mid-August and take your children to buy the new term. Need textbooks and other materials...the list is listed in the letter, if you buy it according to the minimum configuration, it will be less than 8 galleons, which is 60 pounds, if you need to prepare more - some robes, potions, books or pocket money for children For money, it’s better to prepare 300 pounds.”After hearing this figure, Mrs. Mason didn't even bat an eyelid:    It's not expensive. I spend about this much on clothes for the whole family every weekend.
   Lockhart smiled:    In this case, I will leave another book... the name is 
   I Can Be Magical
   , which is my own autobiography. I am also from a mixed-race family. I grew up in a Muggle environment. After leaving Hogwarts, it has developed fairly well so far, I hope it can help you understand the wizarding society.
   After that, he stood up and offered his farewell.If there are no accidents, this child should be taken down steadily, and he doesn't want to waste time hooking up with a good young woman.And the next person he was going to meet was another Muggle-born student—Colin Creevey.The milkman's kid could have stayed out of the matter, but he chose to stand up bravely in the sixth grade, and finally died on the front line against Voldemort, leaving only a few magic photos he had taken, which are the most distressing in the book One of the characters, Lockhart can't help but not pay attention.After he left, Mrs. Mason found out that he had left the two bottles of medicine and the book on the table.She hesitated for a moment, then carefully picked up the bottle of pink ointment—how about giving it a try?— Two days later, Harry Potter, who was depressed because he hadn't received any letters from his friends until now, was sitting in the closet reading a book, when he suddenly heard Uncle Vernon let out a loud cry
   Harry Potter! Come down now!
   Startled, he hurried down the stairwell.But unexpectedly, when he appeared in front of his uncle, he found that Uncle Vernon was not very angry.
   Sit down,
    he said to Harry. 
   Now tell me, what the hell is your juggling school...?
   Harry couldn't believe his ears—what medicine did this guy take today?Chapter 7 Connecting Two WorldsAccording to his plan, Lockhart spent two days visiting the Muggle families of the 12 future young wizards, and captured them all without missing a single one.Good image, excellent eloquence, and the affinity that Lockhart is trying his best to maintain, these have added a lot of points to him in front of these parents.The rich care about the 
   possibility
    for their children to enter the wizarding world, the middle class cares about the connections their children may make through it, and the poor only care about whether it will allow their children to rely on 
   this craft
    to beg for food. Lohar Especially playing through all these.Especially Colin Creevey, after his father stubbornly asked Lockhart to 
   show his skills
    and saw the magic with his own eyes, he embraced his son with great joy and began to ask about Hogwarts bursary matters.
   Anything is better than delivering milk anyway,
    he had told Lockhart.This kind of 
   a penny can't beat a hero
    type of remarks also made Lockhart sigh, no matter which world he is in, such things as class exist.
   Call me after you get to Hogwarts.
    He said to Colin Creevey, 
   I'll teach you how to make a magic photo potion so that the people on your camera can move.
   
   Hmm!
    Colin stared intently at the moving photos on 
   I Can Be Magical
   .After meeting twelve people and sending out twelve autobiographies, Lockhart took another solid step on the road to continue expanding his influence.As for the 
   small money
    of various gifts, Lockhart didn't care at all.According to the scale of St. Mungo's Hospital and the Ministry of Magic in various magical towns, it is estimated that the number of wizards registered in England and Scotland is not many, and it may be only a few thousand.Upper Wales and Ireland are less than [-]—A population of less than 6500 wizards is really like a small spoonful of pepper sprinkled in a bucket of noodle soup in front of a population of [-] million in the UK, which doesn't even add much flavor.Lockhart has published several books in total, and the total sales volume is less than [-]. This is still in the case of selling abroad. The manuscript fee he can get is not much if converted into pounds. No matter how much he wants To make money, you have to sell the bird snake egg yolk shampoo that you endorse.Although the money may be at the level of a well-off family on the Muggle side, compared with many people in the wizarding world, especially compared with the situation of the Weasley family, it is already considered a family.Considering that the ancestral locket of Voldemort's family was only sold by his wife for ten Galleons. oo Lockhart could even tell Voldemort that he could buy 365, and then use a different locket to wipe shit every day. Just throw it away.The reason why the wizards are so poor can only explain one thing - that is, their population is really too small. Although the individual productivity can be said to be extremely strong, the serious shortage of the total economic volume prevents any production from being produced. Scale effect, which can not drive productivity improvement.For example, the potion that Lockhart gave as a gift, if the Muggles had such a formula, they would have already started to produce Buffy's Brain Refreshing Potion and Radiance Potion on a large scale.They will plant and breed medicinal materials and magical creatures on a large scale, research a set of methods for extracting effective substances with high utilization rates, and then use computers to control stirring, temperature and feeding, and then ask wizards to infuse magic power.But what about wizards... months of collecting materials?Do only one ton of Ganbao at a time? !It will take another month to make a medicine?What are you kidding!Do you still want to make money?The wizards knew that this situation must not be resolved if it continued, but there was nothing they could do, so they had to do everything possible to find a solution.They are very worried that Muggles will hunt witches and witches everywhere as they did in the Middle Ages when they become more powerful.Especially after the Muggles invented the atomic bomb and went to the moon, this fear reached its peak.Wizards, but so far no one has been able to go to the moon!That's why Greenwald and Voldemort came into being, because they catered to the general thinking of wizards-that is, to strike first.Although Dumbledore is great and heroic, he did not propose any solution.While it was noble to refuse the power that was readily available, it was, in other words, an evasion of responsibility, and he admitted it himself.Just defeating 
   evil
    does not mean that everything will be fine. As long as the ecology of the wizard-Muggle relationship is not resolved, who knows if there will be a new Dark Lord in the future?■Sure enough, this kind of matter still has to be resolved by the 
   true savior
   —that is, Brother Yu.Lockhart thought rather narcissistically.It's just that he has to eat one bite at a time. He must first prove his ability to Dumbledore before he can let him support him in politics, and then acquiesce in his development of power in Hogwarts, otherwise everything will be out of the question.Lockhart called his owl and began to write.
   Dear Principal:The parents of the 12 Muggle families have all agreed that their children will be admitted to Hogwarts. I will take them and their parents to Diagon Alley in mid-August to buy the necessary items.   
   
Chapter 5   
   
   In addition, there are some expenses incurred: 150 pounds for gasoline, 50 Galleons for gifts, and free labor costs. Please reimburse them at that time.Honor your Jiedro Loha ^^ Temple   When he was done, he called his owl.
   Huihui, come here! Send this letter to Hogwarts, remember to avoid the poles and wires, and don't let your guard down when you see the little girl, you are so fat, be careful to be eaten as a Scottish round-faced fat chicken Drop!
    Lockhart urged.Hui Hui hummed twice dissatisfied, probably saying that she is not that stupid yet.It's not stupid, but it likes to show off and show off just like its owner. Every time it catches a mouse, it will proudly stop on the branch and sing a song before eating it.Rumor has it that pets become more and more like their owners, and it must be clarified here-this is not a rumor.Stuffing the letter into the leather pouch on Hui Hui's leg, Lockhart casually stuffed it with a piece of mutton, and then sent the big, oily and smooth Ulin Gou away.Tomorrow, I'm going to meet with Ragnol, and yesterday Lockhart finally received a call from his sister, saying that it was his brother-in-law who thought 
   we can talk
   Lockhart needs to be prepared.Kelleher's husband, William, is a trader in the bank's securities department. Although he is not a wealthy man, he has won the trust of some stable customers by relying on his conservative style and prudent operation, and he has successfully mixed with him. eat.In his impression, his brother-in-law seems to be a guy who likes to talk a lot. Although he does know some strange things, he should be in a different world from himself in general.So when he heard that Lockhart was going to take him to meet a 
   big client
   , he was very surprised.In the bustling Three Broomsticks, William looked very uncomfortable.The drinkers passing by around him were wearing all kinds of wizard robes, and he didn't need to look much to know the fact that 
   he is a different person here
   .But who would have expected that he would come to such a strange place after sitting in that ridiculously spacious car for less than 10 minutes.
   When will Mr. Ragnol Goblin come?
    He couldn't remember how many times he had asked this question.
   Ten o'clock in the morning.
    Lockhart was very patient. 
   Don't worry, goblins are very punctual... Besides, Ragnol is not a goblin, he is a goblin.
   
   ...what does 'is a goblin' mean?
   
   Literally. Of course, you can't say that to your boss when you go back, you have to say it's a 
   mystery client: can it be done?    
   William swallowed:    It shouldn't be a problem. Although they care about the business, they never care about where the money comes from.
   While talking, the time came to ten o'clock.There was a bang from the empty seat in front of Lockhart and William, and an ugly face suddenly appeared in front of the two of them as if emerging from a hidden tube in the air.William was so taken aback that he almost sat on the ground.The goblin was indifferent to William's reaction. After he fell from the air to the ground, he just swept the dust off himself before standing in front of the two.
   Ah, you must be Mr. Lockhart! Griphook told me that you are our big client. I hung your photo on the big door, so I recognized it as soon as I recognized it.
   To calm William down, Lockhart took his hand and calmed him down.Then he also stretched out his right hand to the goblin, wanting to shake hands with him.
   Hello, I think you are Mr. Raguenot.
   But Ragnor 
   rubbed
    Lockhart's hand impatiently, and immediatelyStarted the topic.
   Time is Galleon, so save unnecessary etiquette. Anyway, we don't have much respect for each other... I heard from Rosmerta that you want to talk to me about gold business, right? You also brought a hemp Melon over here?
   
   As long as we all respect gold, then we are all friends of gold, and we are naturally friends.
    Lockhart winked at his brother-in-law, implying that he will follow his plan.
   I love to hear that. Then, what method will you use to get me to exchange these worthless, purely deceptive Muggle flower paper heads with more yellow and lovely gold Galleons?
    La Geno complained while talking:    If it weren't for the contract with the Wizarding Council, I wouldn't want those Muggle parents to exchange this thing for our gold.
   Lockhart glanced at his brother-in-law and nodded to him.William managed to recover from the shock of seeing the alien creature.Seeing Lockhart reminding himself, in line with his professionalism, he calmed down and began to answer his client's questions hard.
   Mr. Raguenot, since the recent Falklands War has consumed a huge amount of foreign exchange reserves of Great Britain, it is difficult for the pound to maintain its currency value. We judge that its currency value will fall by more than 20% in the second half of this year...
   
   Don't tell me that! I don't care!
    Raguenor yelled, 
   I don't believe in your Muggle currency anymore. The damn Americans said that the paper they printed was linked to gold, but they could tear up the original agreement. It didn't even take 30 years, and I lost money—big gold!
   
   The collapse of Bretton Woods was actually not without warning... er, well, it's inappropriate to say this now.
    Seeing Lockhart's non-stop winking, William finally realized that it was inappropriate to say this, 
   I have a way to make You can exchange huge amounts of gold with only banknotes, and this has something to do with the depreciation of the pound just mentioned.
   
   Tell me about it.
    Ragueno was noncommittal.
   I wonder if you've ever heard, what is 'binary options trading'?
    William asked.Chapter 8 Huge gaps in the economyAs William talked about the methods he was going to adopt, Ragnoau also gradually turned from disdain at the beginning to shock.
   I like the idea!
    he exclaimed. 
   You Muggles don't seem to be entirely stupid!
   The muscles on William's face trembled:    Thank you for your compliment.
   
   Do it with confidence, Gringotts has a lot of waste paper on hand, a full 370 million pounds and 90 US dollars! I think this is enough to turn the finances of your Muggle world upside down. I would like to Take half of it out and borrow... Hey, what are you laughing at?■Seeing that both Lockhart and William couldn't help laughing, Raguenot was a little annoyed, he felt that he was underestimated.He was indeed underestimated-a mere cash of less than 1000 million U.S. dollars was said by this goblin to be a huge sum of decisive importance, and it was the capital of the entire bank.But yes, although Gringotts Bank has been in operation for hundreds of years, considering the size of the wizarding world's economy, this figure should be said to exceed Lockhart's expectations. At least the little money exchanged by wizarding parents must be not enough.
   
   Yeah, turned upside down. 
   Lockhart suppressed a smile and said, 
   I heard that the American speculator Soros has prepared a total of 150 billion US dollars this time in order to snipe the pound. The money from Gringotts will definitely play the role of the mainstay. 
   Ragueno stared straight at the two people in front of him, and after realizing that they were not joking, he sat down resentfully.He's not that tall though, so sitting down doesn't look much different than standing up.
   Our life is gold, not those papers.
    Raguenor said rather unhappily, 
   I'm worried that the large-scale loss of gold will attract the attention of you Muggles.
   Probably not.
    William told him, 
   The British Royal Mint and the United States Mint both have related businesses. At peak times, they sell gold coins worth tens of millions of dollars every day. If you are on the safe side, your money will cost three It can be converted into gold in a few days and put into your vault.
   Raguenot declined to comment further because it would make him look stupid.Although the process was a bit tortuous, the business was negotiated smoothly.Gringotts Bank entrusts William to be a trader for the binary options trading between British pound and gold, and U.S. dollar and gold. After the expiration, William will pay Gringotts Bank a guaranteed gold number with a commission of 0.5%, and the extra guaranteed number Partial commission is 3%.The reason why Ragueno was so happy was because he really looked down on banknotes, or in other words he looked down on anything other than gold and silver, so he was not afraid of losing money.Another reason is that Lockhart himself also exchanged all his Galleons and handed them over to his brother-in-law for trading in order to make him a big fortune, which also strengthened Ragnol's confidence.Then Lockhart was the host, asked Rosmerta to bring old whiskey, filled it up for himself and his brother-in-law, and ordered a glass of honey cider for Raguenau, and everyone drank a glass to wish the investment a success, and then We left amicably.On the car back to London, Lockhart lay in the driver's seat and let the car drive to its destination by itself.
   You are well-informed. Even I don't know the figures prepared by Soros, but our national reserves may really not be able to afford the 150 billion U.S. dollars.
    William said to Lockhart.
   Wizards also have their own gossip.
    Lockhart said vaguely, 
   Anyway, I'll leave it to you this time.
   
   It's my duty to use people's money to do things for others,
    William said.If all goes well, he estimates that he will get a commission of at least 10,000+ pounds, which is enough for him to get a good house for his wife and children, and to fulfill his promise to her-go to Vienna to attend a concert.Lockhart shook his head:    These are relatively few. I plan to release the news after this transaction is completed to attract those pure-blood wizard families to invest, and their gold reserves are considerable. As long as this shot is fired, there will be more in the future.
    have to earn.
   William glanced at this brother-in-law who was becoming more and more unfamiliar, and nodded slightlyIf Lockhart just wants to make money for himself, then investing directly will do.And he had gone to great lengths to help Gringotts, apparently with other motives.William sees it, but he doesn't talk about it - a favorite of his other clientshis place.That afternoon, while the sun was at its best, Lockhart brought a gift to visit an old man in the wizarding world——Giselda Marchban.Although Dumbledore is a great person, he is not the oldest in the magic world when it comes to qualifications, not to mention the several hundred-year-old Nicole Flamel, even this Mrs. In 1899, Dumbledore was awarded the ultimate wizard qualification certificate-this is calculated to be 140 years old.And her job today is the same as it was 100 years ago-that is, she is in charge of the ordinary wizarding exam for fifth graders at Hogwarts, and the ultimate wizarding exam for seventh graders.The reason why Lockhart went to her was also very simple, he was to set the scope of the exam.For the education of Hogwarts 4th and 6th graders, Lockhart has almostMuch planning is done.But no matter how whimsical he is for the 5th and 7th grade courses, they must focus on review and exam-oriented education.Considering the unreliable teaching of Hogwarts Defense Against the Dark Arts class in the past few years, the 5th and 7th graders of Hogwarts may have been studying by themselves for a long time.No matter how wonderful Lockhart thinks his courses are, if the students he teaches fail the exams, even if no one tells him, he will lose face.——For politicians, face is very important.The old man seemed very happy to see someone come to see him, and even the wrinkles on his face seemed smoother.But when she heard the purpose of Lockhart's visit, she showed a look of disapproval.Because the qualifications were old enough, Professor Marchban seemed unceremonious in criticizing Lockhart.
   Are you teaching them to be opportunistic? Jidero, I remember that you were like this back then. You liked to play tricks in everything, but in the end you couldn't even use a disappearing spell... I don't even know how you did those deeds in your book Arrived.
   Lockhart carefully accompanied the smiling face, and tried his best to justify his behavior:    It's not opportunistic, it's just to let them understand which are the key points and which ones will be useful in the future.
   
   I'm no prophet.
    Mrs. Marchban yawned.Seeing her relying on the old to sell the old, Lockhart has nothing to do with it. If it weren't for his current external image, he would not be able to say anything even if he was kicked out.Professor Marchban is not only senior in the magic world, but also has a wide range of connections and a high status. Not to mention being friends with Mrs. Longbottom, even the 28 pure-blooded Malfoys have to pay three points of respect to her. There is nothing disrespectful in person. I dare not say anything.It's hard to say that such a person is willing to scold you to save face.Just because he couldn't say anything serious, Lockhart could only continue to persuadeGo on.Io I hope these kids will not only have to deal with some gadgets like Grindig in the future, but have the courage to face the dark magic... I know, you must have heard the one about You-Know-Who and Harry Potter prophecy. 
   Marchban glanced at Lockhart, then readily admitted: yes.    While that prophecy about Harry Potter and Voldemort is unknown to many, it is no secret among certain 
   high
    wizards.Hanjin said, besides the Dispelling Curse and the Iron Armor Curse, I hope to know which other spells are the most common when facing dark wizards. said Lockhart respectfully.
   Huh? You must have experience with this yourself.
   
   But I didn't live through the first war, Grandma Marchbane. I was in sixth year and couldn't do anything but shiver in the Ravenclaw tower.
   
   What a stubborn little guy... well, if you want...
    Marchban said, calling a book over with the Flying Charm.Lockhart saw it clearly—it wasn't an exam syllabus, but a book called Practical Defensive Magic and Its Restraint against the Dark Arts.
   This page, this page, and this page...
    Maqiban opened the book, quickly spelled out more than a dozen pages, and marked them, 
   .Lockhart, who was about to take notes, was taken aback:    No exam?
   Embankment, all the rest are the key points. Mrs. Marchban showed a sly expression, 
   Gidero, come on!
    
   
   You... oh.
    Lockhart didn't know whether to laugh or cry.He's only now really finding a little bit of back-to-school feeling.
   Yes, IP.So calculated according to the exchange rate, the purchasing power of gold in the wizarding world is extremely poor, which shows that wizards and goblins hold gold reserves that do not match their economic strength.Chapter 9 The first experience of the teacher leading the teamDumbledore's reply arrived shortly after.—On the one hand, he expressed proper surprise that Lockhart had persuaded all Muggle families, but at the same time claimed that he had long believed that Lockhart could do it, and his expectations of Lockhart were once again overstated, fully Shows just how much emotional intelligence a wise wizard can haveAs for bringing the parents of the students into Diagon Alley, Dumbledore believed that if a large number of Muggles suddenly entered Diagon Alley collectively, it would definitely cause 
   unnecessary trouble
   Although he believed that Lockhart was competent enough, he decided to send a teacher to assist Lockhart to 
   tour guide
    for the parents, considering who might cause trouble.And that person was Professor Severus Snape—Dumbledore believed that members of the pure-blood family would give the head of Slytherin House a face.It seems that Dumbledore knew exactly who the 
   troublemaker
    would beAs for the reimbursement, Dumbledore didn't mention it at all, presumably taking it as Lockhart's joke, even though it wasn't.Considering that he would still be paid for the next few months, Lockhart gave most of his gold to his brother-in-law, leaving only three or four hundred Galleons.The money is not much, and it is not much.Let's say less, enough for the Weasley family to live a simple life for half a year.If you want to say more, buy a little luxury or take a trip and you will be gone.But the money that should be spent still has to be spent, he has to let others see his generosity, and generosityGenerosity is always the only way to make friends.If the principal does not reimburse the gift fee, he can only pay for it out of his own pocket.Soon, the time for the appointment with the Muggle wizard arrived.
   
   
Chapter 6   
   
   In the past month, apart from 
   reviewing
    the spells he had learned before and preparing lessons, what Lockhart has done the most is to build a good relationship with his parents and two older sisters.As a half-blood wizard, Lockhart's advantage is that he can take both sides. He will not give up this advantage easily. Taking the path of pure magic will only make him subject to a family of pure-blood wizards, even if he becomes the Minister of Magic. It will only be treated as a puppet.Just like Nobby Rich (1962-1968), the first Muggle minister in the history of the wizarding world, it is said that he was murdered by the Malfoy family with the plague.In the same way, Muggle-born wizards will be regarded by Lockhart as his basic board.After they graduate and enter the wizarding society, they will naturally hope to obtain a status commensurate with their ability and wealth in the wizarding world, and I will become their most intimate spokesperson for interests.
   Good day, Mr. Mason!
   Lockhart stuck his head out of the car window, and greeted the Mason family waiting on the side of the road.
   Hi, Professor Lockhart.
   Mrs. Mason also responded to him with a smile, and looked very good.Unlike the excited children and his wife, Mr. Mason was full of suspicion, and he hesitated when Lockhart invited them into the car.Seeing him hesitate, Lockhart didn't care.
   The other eleven children and their parents are in the car. You are the last family. On the way to Diagon Alley, you can chat for a while. I will meet you soonOn the way, I will introduce you to the basic situation of Hogwarts. 
   He said.The doubts on Mason's face deepened:    You mean, they're all in the car?
   He subconsciously looked around, wondering where the second car was.
   It's all in this car,
    Lockhart corrected. 
   Of course, you can drive yourself if you want to, but I'm not sure your car will be able to keep up. Well, ladies first, Mrs. Mason, please.
    you…
   Before the words were finished, Mrs. Mason got into the back door of the car with the support of her son, and Sam also got in.Mr. Mason stared at his big belly, and always felt that the back seat of the Lotus might not fit him.But soon there was a surprise cry from inside the car:    Dad! Come in quickly, it's super spacious inside!
   Mr. Mason had no choice but to lower his head and stepped into the car.Then he was shocked by what looked like a classroom in the car: 12 noisy little wizards had already sat together, discussing the wizarding school and the courses to be learned enthusiastically, while the women were In exchange for the beauty products presented by Lockhart and himself.Although there are a little more people, everyone has their own seat, and there is still room left.Soon, Mr. Mason asked the question that many Muggle men had asked before.   How much does this car cost? Where can I buy it?
    he asked Lockhart.Lockhart didn't hesitate:    We won't sell it to non-magic people for the time being, unless the Department of Magical Roads and Traffic Management amends the law...but it shouldn't be too difficult to buy one when your son turns 17.
   
   That's quick.
    Mr. Mason didn't take it seriously at all, 
   but I hopeHope it looks like a Bentley.Lockhart laughed silently:    Arthur Weiss of the Misuse of Muggle Substances DivisionLay is looking for ways to change the relevant laws, and you should be able to do so. 
   A rich person is a rich person. When seeing a good thing, the first thought is always how to keep it for yourself. Money is just a symbol, and you can have as much as you want.Very good, he likes this kind of boldness.Sure enough, Mr. Mason's eyes brightened a little:    You mean, we can also use money to influence... I mean, lobbying professionals who formulate relevant laws?
   
   Wizards are people too.
    Lockhart said meaningfully.Mr. Mason understood in seconds.Seeing that he seemed to have realized something, Lockhart no longer mentioned this matter, and he still understood the reason why too much was too late.So he cleared his throat and cast a loudspeaker spell:    Ladies and gentlemen! I am honored to be the guide and introduce the way to Hogwarts for you.Although I could take you to Diagon Alley in a more direct way, we will still take the traditional route this time, considering that in the next few years, young gentlemen and ladies may have to come and buy what they need. -Enter the Leaky Cauldron at One Diagon Alley from Charing Cross Road, and enter Diagon Alley through its back door. 
   
   Charing Cross?
    someone protested. 
   I do deliveries there, but I've never seen a pot pub.
   
   It's the Leaky Cauldron. You'll see it, I promise,
    said Lockhart, 
   and you'll be surprised how many times you've been here without noticing it... sit down, I'm going to Lock the doors and set off.
   The man who asked the question seemed dubious, but the car under his butt was more convincing than any argument, so he wisely chose not to express his opinion.Around Charles Cross Road, Lockhart first put down the passengers, and thenThe car turned a corner.Taking advantage of no one around, he quickly used the Shrinking Charm to shrink the car and stuffed it into his pocket, and then joined the freshmen again.But when he parked the car, the new wizards had already found a place
   The Leaky Cauldron...here it is, Daddy, right here!
   
   What are you talking about, Enoch? Isn't this a record store?
   
   It's right here! Take a good look, it's between the record store and the bookstore! It's so tattered, it's very conspicuous, isn't it?
   Io I think you must be too tired, child, these two stores are obviously next to each other. 
   
   No! Obviously, there's an old drunk pointing at us and laughing at us,
    Enoch argued.Lockhart quickly walked a few steps:    Please keep your voice down! Don't draw the attention of others, I forgot to counter-curse you just now, I'm really sorry!
   He reached into the side pocket of his coat and gripped his wand tightly.
   The hint is lifted!
    he yelled in a low voice.The Muggle parents were shocked to find that a dilapidated and dirty tavern suddenly 
   squeezed
    out between the two shops, and through the window they could still see the figures of people in the tavern, with glasses intertwined and The bustle of conversation was faintly audible.Judging by the dust on the sign, it's clear the bar hasn't been here for the first time.How could I not notice this before?
   The name of the bar owner here is Tom. He is a good man, much better than the other Tom. The road into Diagon Alley is behind, please follow me.
    Lockhart greetedChapter 10 Professor Severus SnapeThe sudden influx of a large group of Muggles immediately attracted the attention of the wizards in the bar.丿亠
   ,They are also experienced, basically thinking about it, they know that there is a high probability that the Muggles who are coming now will be new Hogwarts families, but they are still unavoidably curious.Yes, not only Muggles are curious about wizards, but wizards are also curious about Muggles.The freshmen seemed a little cautious under the gaze of the wizards around them, and the parents were not much better, even though no one liked being surrounded by people like this.
   It's too impolite.
    A woman said in a low voice.Tom, the owner of the bar, had noticed them when they were standing outside the shop, and had the waiter open the back door of the bar early.Seeing Lockhart come in, he immediately pointed to a corner of the store.
   He's waiting for you there, big star.
   Lockhart knew who he was referring to, but he still greeted Boss Tom very friendly, and then looked at the man who stood up slowly in the corner.The man was wearing a black wizard robe, with a serious expression, and his long hair hung down like kelp covering most of his face. Full of 
   keep close to strangers
   Lockhart walked over quickly:    Hi, Severus, I've kept you waiting.
   I don't think our relationship is good enough to call you by our given names...and Lockhart, you're five minutes late.
    Severus Snape said coldly.Obviously, he doesn't like Lockhart.Not only because Lockhart snatched his coveted Defense Against the Dark Arts professorIt is not a good fit for a 
   peacock
    like Lockhart.Lockhart didn't take offense at all, and the smile on his face remained undiminished:    I offended, Professor Snape. It rained yesterday, and weeds grew a lot. One student insisted on fulfilling the contract.
    , came back after mowing the neighbor's lawn, so I took a little time to help him.
   
   Understandable, but I thought that the flexibility of your brain was enough to make up for this time, but now it seems that it is not.
    Snape still had no good voice.
   Okay, enough time has been lost, let's go quickly, the next time my Yu will mess up is four hours later.
   
   But I want you to say hello to the parents of these new students first.
    Lockhart insisted, 
   This is the minimum courtesy.
   Snape was about to turn around, but stopped after hearing this.Lockhart could see clearly that Snape's lips twitched, as if he wanted to say something, but he didn't say anything in the end.Then he gave Lockhart a hard look, and walked up to the group of new parents with his head held high.
   Parents of new students, I am the head of Hogwarts Slytherin House, Severus Snape, and also the professor of Potions at Hogwarts. Because your children are destined not to enter Slytherin, you can ask the person who brought you for the reason.But no matter which house they are assigned to in the future, even if they are assigned to Hufflepuff: I also hope that they will pay more attention to the homework of Potions, because I usually don’t show much sympathy when it comes to deducting points and exams .    After all, he nodded curtly as a salute.The parents rushed to return the salute, but Snape turned away without waiting for them to finish.Lockhart knew that Snape was actually not a rude person, but as the head of Slytherin House in the 
   Pure-Blood Wizard's Private Land
   , he couldn't be too affectionate with Muggles, otherwise those pure-blood wizards would Have an opinion on him.But it was precisely because of this that he was sent by Dumbledore.Although the pure-blood wizards dare not openly harm these Muggles, it is not impossible to play tricks on them a little bit. With Snape here, they can save a lot of trouble.He hurried forward to smooth things over:    As he said, this is my colleague, Professor Snape, who has always been very strict in educating students, perhaps second only to Gryffindor's dean, Professor McGonagall... Please Follow us, everyone, we are going to go shopping.
   The freshmen were momentarily overwhelmed by Snape's aura, and it wasn't until Lockhart came over that they remembered what they were here for and hurriedly followed.Coming to the back alley of the pub, Snape took out his wand and stopped in front of a wall.
   Come here to watch! I only do it once, if you can't remember, next time you can only ask others!
   The little wizards hurried up and tried to see more clearly.
   There is a trash can here, it won't move, then count three yuan up from here, and then count two yuan down the horizontal, click on it.
   As his words fell, Snape's wand also clicked on the brick of the wallAfter being touched by the magic wand, the brick seemed to be pulled out suddenly, revealing a gap.Then the bricks on both sides of the gap began to roll along the wall to both sides.
   Simple, right? I bet even a watery troll can remember seeing it once.
   Ignoring the staring little wizards and parents behind him, Snape continuedGo forward.
   Come with me if you remember, first go to Gringotts to exchange coins, and then buy textbooks, robes and wands. As for their potion materials and garbage, I will check them this year, so as not to have bad copper garbage. Only to be burned by adding porcupine quills to the scabies potion without removing it from the fire.
   Everyone was still looking at each other, obviously not understanding what Snape was talking about.At this time, Lockhart can only come forward:    As I said at the beginning, Professor Snape is more...serious, but his attainments in potions can also be ranked among the top three in the entire wizarding world. Alright, let's Follow up!
   Everyone hurriedly followed Lockhart and Snape to the legendary Gringotts Bank.Walking on the road, several freshmen who met in the car have secretly muttered in the back:   Did you hear that, Mason? He said that the Potions professor was Head I of Slytherin
   ■
   Also said the head of Gryffindor was stricter.
   
   I remember it mentioned in 
   I Can Be Magical
    that Hogwarts has four major houses, besides them, there are Ravenclaw and Hufflepuff.
   
   I'd like to be sorted into Ravenclaw, sounds like an elite house... Hufflepuff would be okay if that doesn't work, I don't want to be sorted into that professor's house
   By the way, how are the schools divided? The professor chooses. Should we ask Dad to operate it in advance?
   
   You mean bribery? I don't recommend acting rashly when you haven't figured out the nature of the professor. It's very risky.
   Lockhart didn't know that his introduction had influenced the choice of a large group of young wizards for the branch, but he knew that he must consciously safeguard the honor of Hogwarts in front of outsiders.Yao, and showed 
   consistency
    with other professors, so even if he disagreed with Snape's cold attitude in his heart, he would not say it in front of outsiders.Whether he likes it or not, after he borrows Hogwarts' influence to enter the Ministry of Magic, he will be labeled as a 
   Hogwarts Department
   .That being the case, what good would it do him to have a bad relationship with a Hogwarts professor?Chapter 11 On the Muggle Attraction of the Wizarding WorldAlthough in previous years, Gringotts Bank only allowed parents of Muggle students to exchange 200 Galleons, but this year's situation is quite special, because of the relationship between Lockhart and Ragnol's transaction, Gringotts suddenly also has the ability to exchange [-] Galleons. demand.“200加隆以内按照5英镑1个加隆的汇率来计算，200到500之间的部分按照6:1的汇率，500到1500的部分要7英镑一个加隆，暂时不接受1500加隆以上的兑换。”妖精拉环向麻瓜父母们这么介绍说。Snape was obviously a little strange when he heard this, but he still chose not to express his opinion after raising his eyebrows.After the Goblin Rebellion, the wizards handed over control of Gringotts Bank to the goblins as a price for not letting the goblins have wands. As long as the bank still provides services to wizards, wizards cannot interfere with the goblin's business.So as long as they don't hinder the enrollment of new students, no matter how the exchange rate is adjusted, it's the goblins' own business, and Snape has nothing to do with it.On the way to Gringotts Bank, out of curiosity, the parents of these students also looked at the price signs in the window shop on the roadside, and had a preliminary understanding of the purchasing power of the wizarding world's currency.   I'll exchange [-] pounds, and I'll give you the extra as a tip.
    Mrs. Mason said richly.
   
   
Chapter 7   
   
   The goblin Griphook was overjoyed:    Thank you for this noble lady!
   Although goblins always look down on Muggles and don't like wizards very much, they never refuse money to their door—Muggle gold is also gold, isn't it?Of course, Mrs. Mason exchanged so much money at once not entirely for her son, but because she and Mr. Mason also had something they wanted to buy.The potion that Lockhart gave her proved to be very effective, and after using the radiant, Mrs. Mason made a big splash at the rich ladies' salons, and everyone wanted to know what makeup she used to get the corners of her eyes. Crow's feet are all removed, which is much better than Paula and Lancome.But Lockhart also warned them of the existence of the 
   Secrecy Act
   -which stipulates that although wizards from Muggle families have the right to know and the right to use some magical products, they cannot resell or disclose them to the outside world.Although it's a pity not to be able to show off how much to those eight women, the removal of crow's feet is the real deal, and 
   Mrs. Primpney's Beauty Pharmacy
    at 275 Diagon Alley happens to sell related products, Lockhart told Mason Madam also has special effects for removing sarcoma, acne, blackheads, and birthmarks.In addition, the Tuofan tailor shop on the south side of Diagon Alley also has some clothes cut out according to the Muggle fashion show, but the materials used are all enchanted, and some details can be changed on the spot.After hearing about this, Mrs. Mason has already decided to bloodbath all the famous boutiques in Diagon Alley.Except for those from poor families like Colin Creevey, the rest of the Muggle parents had more or less exchanged some currency and wanted to bring back some special products, and cosmetics were even more popular.Lockhart leaned against the counter at Gringotts Bank, and credited Snape familiarly:    You will see later that those women will buy up beauty products, and middle-aged men will also Will want to borrow Vitality Tonic to get back on the mend...you can make some extra money again.
   As the potions professor at Hogwarts, Snape must have sold products to potions shops in his spare time, and Lockhart was also helping him make money by doing so.
   Don't do too many unnecessary things, Professor Lockhart.
    Snape's expression improved a little, 
   Our time is limited.
   Lockhart noticed that he said 
   don't do too much
    instead of 
   don't do it
    and that he actually called himself 
   Professor
   .
   Of course.
    Lockhart smiled, 
   I suggest buying wands and measuring robes separately first, and then go to Wiserek to prepare a magic suitcase after finishing these, and finally buy potion materials, robes and Textbooks, otherwise it would be hard to pretend to go.
   
   Okay.
    Snape said succinctly.Because it takes a long time to try on the wand and measure the robe, Lockhart and Snape divided the people into two groups, one group went to Ollivander's wand shop first, and the other group went to Madam Malkin's. , exchanged, and finally reassembled at the Wieseac Brothers Magic Item Shop.
   Everyone must have at least a precise wand, a decent robe, and a large durable suitcase!
    Lockhart shouted to the freshmen, 
   Let Professor Snape take you to see Popo and the Telescope.
    , I will buy the suitcase, this is an entrance gift for you!
   
   You are generous,
    Snape said with a sneer.Lockhart smiled without explaining.Lockhart is willing to pay for something like this that doesn't cost much but can last for a long time.In this way, no matter which wizard looks down at his suitcase in the future, he will remember that it was a gift from Lockhart, which is extremely cost-effective.Moreover, if Lockhart chooses to buy items like this that are not on the Hogwarts school start list, the unit price will be much cheaper than buying them individually.When buying potion ingredients, Snape fulfilled his duties as a professor: as soon as he stopped there, the salesman brought out all the ingredients of the best quality, and he didn't dare to shoddy them at all. They are also careful when measuring, lest the potions master will revoke their    exclusive
    status if they are dissatisfied.They didn't prepare to take the children to the last place until almost everything was bought.After - Li Zhan - Lihen BookstoreIn order to take care of the students from poor families, Lockhart deliberately raised his voice a little:    If possible, I suggest you go to the second-hand bookstore first, many seniors will leave their own notes on the old textbooks... Those who are willing to improve their homework Children can consider my suggestion.
   After hearing this, the parents of several students were obviously relieved, and Colin Creevey also looked at Lockhart gratefully—the school’s bursary is only 50 Galleons, and the wand costs 10 Galleons— Root, potion materials cannot be discounted, new robes are not cheap, and they have to use second-hand items for other things, and Lockhart's proposal is to find a way for them to step down.Moreover, the wealthy children who originally planned to buy new books also began to hesitate—even in the Muggle world, there is a tradition of buying old textbooks in the West, anyway, their elementary and middle school textbooks have not changed for decades.
   Okay, let's go to the second-hand bookstore first.
    Someone suggested this, and soon got a response from others.Snape should have seen Lockhart's purpose, but it had nothing to do with him, and he didn't bother to say anything.
   I'll wait outside.
    He said to Lockhart, 
   You take them in.
    Lockhart gladly obeyed, so he led the little wizards to the thrift shop.After pushing open the shop door, before he could speak, he heard a sound of wind, and a Pobao flew towards his head.He only had time to shrink his head: T Ganbao flew over, brushing his scalp, and then slammed into the wall next to the door, making a loud noise.And a louder sound soon came, and it was a human voice one by one.   Hit him! Daddy!
   Lockhart turned around and realized that it was the voices of two red-haired twin brothers.The two were happily surrounding the two entangled men in front of them, cheering for one of them.And a middle-aged woman shouted 
   Arthur,do not do that! 
   , but there is no way to intervene directly.And one of the two people who were fighting together also had red hair, and the blond man who was pressed on the bookshelf by the red-haired man and beaten was wearing a luxurious black robe with gold trim.It's just that the clothes don't help me in close combat, the face deserves a beating or a beating.Seeing this situation, how could Lockhart not know what 
   drama
    he had caught up with?Finally started.he thought.Chapter 12 
   Small
    InterludeIn line with the principle that eating melons is not a big deal, after seeing who the two people were fighting, Lockhart pressed back the magic wand that had popped out of his cuff-this ejection device that can be controlled by twisting the wrist can make Lockhart saves 4/5 of his wand time.
   Get out of the way!
   Snape suddenly pushes Lockhart away from behind, then pulls out his wand) and points at the two still fighting.
   Let's relax!
    he yelled.The two men who were fighting hand-to-hand softened their feet and fell to the ground one after another.Snape walked over quickly:    Lucius! When did you break your wand and learn to wrestle with the troll instead?
   
   Severus?
    The blond man climbed up from the ground in embarrassment:    Although I admit that I am a little disrespectful, the one who can only move his fist like a Muggle is definitely not me!
   Then he seemed to remember something again, quickly swept around, then picked up an old transfiguration textbook from the ground, and stuffed it into the hand of the little red-haired girl beside him.
   Here, little girl—take your book—it's the best thing your father can give you.
   After finishing speaking, he hurriedly pulled Snape up again:    
   Severus, long time no see, let's go have a drink together...Draco, follow up! 
   — A blond boy with a malicious face noticed Snape:    Professor Snape! I didn't expect to see you here!
   Snape ignored him, but turned to Lockhart.
   Professor Lockhart, the distance we have traveled is not long, even the big hairy monsterYou should know the way back...
    Snape's tone was still emotionless.
   I understand.
    Lockhart said bluntly, 
   I will help them buy the books on the list, then browse around the shops, and finally send them back safely.
   
   Fine, I'm going to have a drink with an old friend, then I should go back to watch WTSnape said 
   restore as before
    to the shelf he turned over, and after restoring the damaged things just now, he made a gesture of farewell or expulsion to the Muggle parents, and followed Lucius Marr Fu walked out of the bookstore together.Lockhart shook his head slightly when he was gone.Snape was not such a cold person, but unfortunately he was influenced by the position of his buttocks.Between pure blood families and Muggles, he finally chose pure blood.Of course the red-haired family all knew Snape, but they didn't want to greet him, because their family was 
   pure-blood scum
   , completely different from Snape, who pretended to be a pure-blood in name .And just as they were leaving, the red-haired man's family quickly surrounded him and began to greet the man, but the way of greeting him was a bit rough.
   Arthur! I'm still here, you do this kind of thing! Fighting...Look at the good head you have given the children! Fortunately, there is no acquaintance here...healing as before!
   The middle-aged woman healed her husband's wound in the blink of an eye, but her temper also came up.Seeing that his wife was about to get mad, Arthur quickly looked to the side:    Molly, there are people watching. This is Professor Lockhart, right? I just heard... oh, there are so many Muggles!
   What he saw was the huge procession behind Lockhart.But his wife focused on the other side:    Professor Lockhart? Which Lockhart°
   Then she saw Lockhart's smiling face.
   Good afternoon! I'm Gilderoy Lockhart, I think you must be from the Weasley family! I saw your red hair.
    Lockhart greeted with a smile.Molly Weasley let out a high-pitched scream.But someone next to her screamed louder than her, and it was from a little girlHermione Granger covered her face, feeling like she was about to faint.After a while, the Muggle parents who had bought all the books came to the Flo-Flynn Cold Food Shop under the strong invitation of Arthur Weasley, and invited everyone to drink iced cocktails or enjoy ice cream.Lockhart insisted on paying for the dessert himself, and claimed that 
   this is an official business and should be reimbursed by Dumbledore
   Arthur Weasley knows that Hogwarts is unlikely to reimburse this, but he has to admit it, who makes the Weasley family's financial situation a bit embarrassing, but he likes Muggles and Muggles too much Technology has advanced, so he will never let go of such a good opportunity.While Arthur was chatting with the parents of Muggle families, Mrs. Weasley and Hermione Granger were enthusiastically chatting with their heroes.Oh my God!We have absolutely no idea!This year's Defense Against the Dark Arts professor will be you! Mrs. Weasley said exaggeratedly, 
   Percy has complained many times, saying that they haven't met a reliable professor for several years, and he can only teach himself Defense Against the Dark Arts. As a result, he only passed the WLs exam.
    
   A (passing factory.o I think if you are here, it will not be a problem.
   
   It's hard to say, ma'am.
    Lockhart replied modestly. 
   The ability to resist the dark arts and the ability to be a professor are two different things.
   
   But I think if you can't do it, no one else can.said Mrs Weasley eagerly.Next to her, the girl with the brown curly hair nodded, as if she couldn't agree more with Mrs. Weasley's words.
   Professor Lolo Lockhart...I bought your complete set of books, I don't know...can you...
    She began to stutter.
   Miss Granger, other people's experience is someone else's after all, and it is the part that other people want to show you, so just read it as a novel.
    Lockhart said kindly to herIn the self-introduction just now, Lockhart knew her name—one of the famous Potter's Iron Triangle, the most outstanding witch in the same grade, Hermione Granger.If you add the freckled red-haired boy who is eating strawberry raspberry cream ice cream all over his face, then the trio of saviors has come to two.——By the way, where is Harry Potter?I remember that he should have been taken to the Burrow by the Weasleys at this time, and then he was dragged out of Knockturn Alley by Hagrid because he failed to use the Floo powder.Lockhart couldn't figure out why, but that didn't matter.No matter what happened to Harry, Dumbledore would bring him safely to Hogwarts.He was even more curious about how Hermione knew himself.Mrs. Weasley was originally a witch, so she knew she was normal, but Hermione shouldn't—because in the list of books he gave Dumbledore, he only marked the teaching aids used by Ms. Book Practical Defensive Magic and Its Restraint against the Dark Arts, and another reference book Old Forgotten Magic and SpellsIt would be kind of bad if Hermione still got his complete set of books from somewhere - because things like what his favorite color is and what his secret ambition is now he doesn't even know, saying Indeterminate Hermione's response to 
   Gideroo Lockhart
    knew more than the current self.——In addition to Ogden’s Old Hot Whiskey, which he also likes very much nowLockhart waited for Hermione to continue, but Hermione didn't mean it.
   I-I-I mean...can you sign, sign for me, Professor?
    She looked at Lockhart expectantly.Lockhart was momentarily at a loss for words, and even felt a little emotional.At least 80% of the matter that constitutes Hermione's thinking world is rational, and of the remaining 20%, apart from family and friendship, the name 
   Lockhart
    can definitely account for the remaining 9%.
   No problem, where do I need to sign?
   
   Just sign your autobiography.
   Seeing Lockhart take out his peacock quill and sign Hermione's book in a fluttering manner, Mrs. Weasley's eyes also showed longing.But then she gave it up again—her treasured copy of 
   Guideroe Lockhart How to Get Rid of Household Pests
    was too old to be handy.Gilderoy Lockhart didn't underestimate the Weasleys because of their family background, and considering his future plans, he had to rely a lot on Arthur Weasley.Anyway, at least he is a pure blood.Many people always think that the Weasley family is poor because their husband and wife are too loving and have too many children, but it is not - considering that the number of pure-blood wizard families is becoming increasingly scarce, having more children is not necessarily a disadvantage.Their poor family is purely because Arthur and Molly 
   eloped
    away, so they didn't get the support of both families when they got married.As for the embarrassment of life after marriage, it is also because Arthur Weasley 
   betrayed his bloodline
   , so he was punished.He was vaguely rejected by other pure-blood families, and had no economic relationship with any redundant sources.However, even if those pure-blood families were unwilling, in order to maintain the 
   purity
    of the bloodline and not give birth to mentally handicapped children due to the marriage of close relatives, they still had to consider re-accepting Weasley.If Arthur was willing to 
   admit his mistakes,
    I'm afraid they would immediately stretch out their arms to embrace him and welcome him back home.But it's a pity that the shitty 
   pure blood glory
    may not be as important to Arthur Weasley as he figured out the principle of the plug.Lockhart continued to display his communication skills and affinity. Apart from the Weasleys and the Grangers, he did not neglect the Muggle families, and he could pronounce each other's full name correctly.In order to become a politician, Bill Clinton memorized [-] names when he was in college. Lockhart felt that it would not be difficult for him to memorize the names of thousands of wizards and their family members in the UK. cheatAnd in the process of talking with the Weasley family, these Muggle-born wizards also learned more about Lockhart-they never imagined that this amiable professor in the wizarding world would actually Still a big shot.His witty words and friendly attitude made people feel like a spring breeze. When they finally parted, all parents, whether they were wizards or Muggle families, thought that 5As long as Lockhart is watching their kids at Hogwarts, they can rest easyAfter leaving Diagon Alley, the parents of the new students felt that if the children of 12 families needed to be sent by Lockhart, it would be too much trouble for him.And all the things they bought have been stuffed into that magic suitcase, which doesn't take up much space, so the parents want to take this opportunity to get together, have a cup of tea together, and then take the children to stroll around London, Lockhart only needs to send those few students from poor backgrounds home.Damn class.Lockhart grunted under his breath.
   So, the wonderful and exciting day is over!
    Lockhart said to them, I will be waiting for you at King's Cross Station on September 9! 
   After he left, Hermione looked at Ron Weasley beside him with a look of disgust.The most adventurous and chivalrous wizard of all time was sitting in front of you just now, and you were eating ice cream! ' she accuses.Just when Lockhart was communicating with many parents, in the Lamb's Banner bar on Rose Street, Snape stared into Lucius Malfoy's eyes and asked something that made his hair stand on end.So, Lucius, what exactly did you do in Diagon Alley just now? 
   Chapter 13 Secret Transactions
   
   
Chapter 8   
   
   Although it was mid-August, the hottest time of the year, Lucius Malfoy felt a chill in his heart.
   What are you talking about, Severus?
    Lucius poured himself a glass pretending to be relaxed, 
   I just came here today to take Draco to buy things for school. Although the things are not expensive, they are It's very complicated, and I'm a little worried about letting house elves do it.Seeing that Snape was still staring at him, Lucius had no choice but to make a gesture of surrender.
   Well, there are no outsiders here anyway, so I'll just say it... that Arthur? Weasley has been pushing me so hard lately, so I just went to Knockturn Alley to sell some goods.
   
   I thought friends meant that we could be more honest with each other.
    Snape said flatly, 
   Draco didn't cover you just now, I don't think he knew about it, so I left you saving face... need i be more direct■Lucius Malfoy's face became more and more ugly:    
   What charades do we need to play between us?Just say it. 
   
   Okay, then I'll just say it.
   Seeing that Lucius didn't get in, Snape simply opened the skylight and said something blunt: u What did you stuff into that little girl's old book at the Weasleys just now?    Lucius giggled in his heart:    Severus...does it have to be for this? Why can't we be more considerate of each other?
   Snape's expression remained unchanged:    No matter what you stuffed, if the little girl has an accident at school because of it, then I will most likely be the one to take responsibility in the end. If this is how you think about your friends, It can only be said that I made the wrong friend
   Probably not, you are not the professor of Defense Against the Dark Arts class now.
    Lucius slipped his mouth accidentally.Snape stared into his eyes, and his face became even colder—it was a pain in his heart that he couldn't be a Defense Against the Dark Arts professor, but Lucius dared to expose it.Only then did Lucius Malfoy realize that he had said the wrong thing.He hurried to remedy:    Don't worry, there should be no magic on that thing. I just want to make something wrong with Weasley, so that he won't bite me like a wild dog all day long.
   Snape had some bad premonition:    Why do you say that?
   
   Can't he keep an eye on me? He...
   
   I didn't mean that!
    Snape growled in a low voice, 
   Why do you say that the magic power of that thing is gone?
   Lucius was at a loss for words for a moment, he didn't know why Snape had such a big reaction.Snape didn't say much, he lifted his arm directly.
   This marker has been unresponsive for years, I guessed yours was too, but I seem to be wrong
   
   Severus, I...
   Snape looked directly into Lucius' eyes:    When I saw you stuffing something just now, there was a sting here... Do you understand what I mean?
   Lucius Malfoy knew that he had revealed his secrets, so he had no choice but to put on a look of indifference.
   It's been so long, even that person himself has disappeared. Is it normal for me to want to get rid of the trouble?
   Lucius picked up the wine glass, wanting to take a sip of the wine he just poured to calm himself down,But his hand was held down by SnapeHe looked at Snape in puzzlement, but saw a face that looked a bit hideous.
   Do you know what you're doing?
    Snape was rarely really angry, 
   That's what the Dark Lord gave you! How could you...
   Probably because he found himself agitated and attracted the attention of the people around him, Snape lowered his voice again: Io, how can you throw his things out casually?   I never knew you were so loyal to him,
    Lucius shot back.Snape was almost exasperated:    You know what I mean! As long as it belongs to him, if something happens, it's definitely not a trivial matter!
   
   No matter how big things happen, it's the Wesley family's business now.
    Lucius shrugged, 
   It's good to be elegant. I always wear gloves on my hands... Ha, don't look at Wesley. Guy likes Muggles, but I don't think he's even known what fingerprints are. He's been trying to figure out how planes fly, but I bought one...
   Snape stood up, put his hands on the table, and stared at Lucius condescendingly:    Change the topic!
   I'm not going to watch the mess get bigger!Tell me, what the hell is that? 
   Lucius wanted to keep talking, but after seeing Snape's unreasonable face, he knew that Snape was playing for real.
   It's really not a dangerous item, it's just a tattered diary. The man gave it to me and said it could be used to open the Hogwarts chamber of secrets, but I doubt it can be recovered after so long. What's the use...don't look at me like that, that's all I know.
   Snape stared at him for a moment, then walked away, as if he intended to leave without saying goodbye.Lucius asked again worriedly:    Hey, you are not really going to report on me, are you? Are you?
   
   I'm going back to take care of my Purin, it's probably overcooked,
    Snape said sullenly.After the trip to Diagon Alley, Lockhart finally got a rare leisure time.Of course, this leisure is only relative, even though he can sleep every day until he wakes up naturally.In order to avoid the damned morning fog in London from damaging his health, he chose to go out to exercise after nine o'clock in the morning. After returning, he practiced spells and prepared lessons in the basement of his home very regularly.He is a big believer in the fact that people who want to be successful must first have self-control.When it was tea time, Lockhart sometimes went to the bank where his brother-in-law was, and had snacks with him as a 
   customer
   ; The 
   future colleagues
    went to chat with each other.Because he's a celebrity of his size,His social circle was wide: sometimes he would go to Arthur Weasley of the Misuse of Muggle Artifacts Division to talk about the possibility of introducing the Magic Metro to the wizarding world; For the sake of it, go to Gilbert Whymper of the Experimental Spells Committee to transcribe new spells (transcription is allowed as long as it is proven safe).Of course, as his best entry point towards the Ministry of Magic, Arnold Pisgood, who is in charge of the    Reversal of Incidents Team
   , is his key target of attack.He had met this official from the Ministry of Magic because of helping out at Loch Ness.Pisgood told him that right now their department is very understaffed, and what's worse, because there are too many things to do and the salary is not much, many people want to quit orJumping to other departments, even he himself wanted to transfer to the Department of Magical Law Enforcement. 
   That won't work, you'll have to recruit a lot of new people,
    Lockhart said.Dyke. 
   
   This is something Muggle-born wizards should be left to do, so they know what's 'dissonant' to Muggles. 
   
   You're right, but pure-blood wizards don't like Muggle-borns in important departments of the Ministry of Magic.
   Lockhart laughed:    Are you kidding, this is an important department? Why didn't I know?
   Pisgood dropped the custard biscuit in his hand:    Will you die if you say a few words?
   
   You're not my boss yet,
    said Lockhart.They are already familiar with each other, so it is completely okay to make a little innocuous joke, and Pisgood even regarded Lockhart as a 
   non-staff member
   . I said a few words from my heart.
   To be honest, I don't understand why you must go to Hogwarts to teach.
    He wondered, 
   If you take the job now, at least Fudge will not have any prejudice against you, but if you come out of Hogwarts again, He will regard you as Dumbledore's side.oo I think you are a smart person, you should know how vigilant Fudge is to Dumbledore, and your reputation is so big...
   Ur's right, I'm too famous. Lockhart admitted bluntly, 
   So since Fudge will be alerted no matter what, I might as well give him a reason, so that Dumbledore will believe me.
    
   
   But he doesn't like the Ministry of Magic.
   
   But he also has things he wants to do.
    Lockhart said vaguely.Chapter 14September [-]In this seemingly idle time, September [-]st finally arrived.Lockhart bought a copy of the 
   Financial Times
    and 
   The Times
    early, leaning on a stone pillar next to platform 9 3/4 of King's Cross Station.He pretended to be waiting for the bus, but he was actually waiting for the Muggle-born freshmen to arrive.Lockhart has never been far behind in this kind of thing that can brush his face.He didn't know why Hogwarts didn't set up an instructor here to guide the new students into the platform.He speculated that this might be Dumbledore's way of showing wizarding families goodwill towards new students, as the Weasleys had directed Harry.Sure enough, not long after, Lockhart saw a few Muggle freshmen walking over with dazed expressions on their faces.Even though they had been to Diagon Alley, and they had learned some of the contents of the book early on according to Lockhart's instructions7, something like platform 9 3/4 was beyond their imagination.
   It's just a matter of rushing towards that wall. It's a magical passage. The key is to believe.
    Lockhart pointed to the entrance of the platform and said to Colin.Colin Creevey plucked up his courage, embraced his magic suitcase with both hands, and then - gritted his teeth, rushed towards the wall.
   You don't have to rush so fast, kid...
   Just as Lockhart finished speaking, there was a scream from the other side of the wall.
   You hurt me!
    Lockhart vaguely heard a female voice.
   I'm sorry, it's the first time I've walked through here, and my actions are too rude.
    Colin's apology also came from the other side of the wall.Lockhart shrugged, ticked off the Creevey family on the list, and thenThen he leaned against the pillar and continued to read the newspaper.Soon, 12 Muggles passed by here one after another, and passed the wall one after another under the guidance of Lockhart.Lockhart checked that the time was almost up, so he put away the newspaper and slipped past when others were not paying attention.Boarding the 
   Express
    steam train at Hogwarts, Lockhart went straight to the prefect's compartment on the train.Although he could apparate directly to the outside of Hogwarts, Lockhart decided to seize every minute and every second to strengthen his influence, so he chose to take the train with the students, anyway Hogwarts did not Decide where the teacher should sit.So he waited outside the prefect's box under the pretext of 
   understanding the progress of the students in the past few years
   . In the carriage, I chatted with the student president.Lockhart admitted that he was unable to solve Voldemort's curse:    Because of the curse, I only plan to work in this position for one year, and I will do the machete before the final exam.
   /田However, I deeply feel that the Defense Against the Dark Arts class has been disordered and chaotic in the past few years, so that new teachers don't know where to start.So I plan to build an iron-clad framework, so that no matter who the new teacher is, they can just follow the script, and the teaching quality will not be reduced.My goal is to directly improve students' ability to resist black magic. In addition to basic training, I also want to make every fifth grader pass. W丄?S, seventh graders who want to pass NEWTs , we also have to let him pass steadily. 
   The male and female student chairmen listened carefully to Lockhart's plan and nodded repeatedly.
   Very pragmatic goals, Professor,
    said the head male student, 
   regardless of the teaching methodThe most direct way is to pass the exam.He is already in the seventh grade and will soon be handed over to the next student chairperson. What he is most worried about right now is his homework.
   This is my basic plan, do you want to take a look?
    Lockhart handed over his lesson plan.The two student chairmen are very satisfied with Lockhart's respect for them. Children in their age group have not yet grown up or have just grown up (wizards are 17 years old), and they are the ones who shout my fate all the time. In the second zone, the sensitivity of self-esteem is extraordinarily high.They carefully read Lockhart's schedule, and after asking a few more questions like adults, they nodded in satisfaction.
   It seems that there is no problem, although the safety may be... but considering that you are the teacher of the class, I don't think anything will happen.
    The male student chairman handed back the lesson preparation plan.But his arm was held by the female student president
   I don't know if I can keep this,
    she pleaded with Lockhart.
   Of course.
    Lockhart said, 
   I still have the original manuscript, which was specially copied after revision.
   The female student chairperson immediately snatched the lesson preparation plan from the male companion.
   It would be even better if I could sign my name on the top, it will be more convincing
    she frantically 
   hinted
   .Lockhart smiled, then took out his peacock quill, and signed his name on it with flying colors.The grade leaders came back, and the student chairman specially announced the decision just now—Professor Lockhart intends to reform the Defense Against the Dark Arts class and build a new framework. Please cooperate with all your strength this year.
   Because our Defense Against the Dark Arts professors are likely to beIt will be changed every year. This matter can be said to be related to the vital interests of each of our Hogwarts students, and it is also related to the future of Hogwarts.I hope that everyone will restrain the thorns in their colleges within their ability and not fight against Professor Lockhart.We've looked at his plans, and it's still pretty...hey, get it out there! 
   
   No, didn't you watch it too? Just tell them.
   The female student chairperson resolutely refused, and it seemed that she had made up her mind to use power for personal gain.When Lockhart came out of the prefect's box, he found that the place where he was originally sitting had been taken.He had no intention of fighting for a seat with a bunch of little kids, so he had to go to the back to see if there were any vacant carriages.But he soon realized that he had made a wrong decision—wherever he went, the little witches pestered him one after another, asking for his autograph, and kindly inviting him to sit in his partition.Considering that no matter which private room he sat in under such circumstances, it would cause dissatisfaction among the rest of the people, Lockhart had to find a seat instead of patrolling, and he was relieved when he walked all the way to the dining car at the end of the train.Anyway, there was only one woman here who asked him for an autograph, and that was a salesperson pushing a small truck.He bought a bunch of cupcakes and berries, and as he ate, he read the Muggle newspaper he'd bought at the station, which he had erected to hide his face from trouble.The 
   Financial Times
    made it clear that since the end of the Anglo-Amazon War, the value of the pound has been shorted by international financial speculators.Although the Great Empire won the war of face in the end, allowing the nationalists in the country to get over their addiction to 
   we are still powerful people
   , but the British foreign exchange and gold were almost exhausted because of this, and they were powerless Maintain the original high poundCurrency value.And they even want to bind the exchange rate of the pound to the mark—they don't think about whether their economy can keep up.As Sir Humphrey said, 
   We always get a little punished for pretending to be European.
   Soros saw this opportunity and used his energy to short the pound.Although the value of the pound has not shown signs of loosening until now due to the resolute resistance of the British Ministry of Finance, anyone with a discerning eye can see that the British will not last long, and when the Prime Minister and the Minister of Finance expressed their determination to maintain the value of the currency: from the very beginning The toughness has become    leaving room
   Even in this time and space, the final date of the outbreak of the European exchange rate crisis is not September 1992, 9, Lockhart is confident that it will not be a month away.In just a few days, the pound fell by 24%. He only needs to increase the leverage several times with Soros to make a lot of money. Is there any more profitable option trading than this?Thinking that he would become one of the richest wizards in half a month, Lockhart couldn't help but feel elated.After all, you can only play politics if you have money. This is an eternal truth.
   Ron! Harry! Are you here?
   
   
   
Chapter 9   
   
   With the sound of a childish female voice, Lockhart put down the newspaper standing in front of him.
   It turned out to be Miss Granger, what happened?
    Lockhart said kindlyask.Chapter 15 Leave something behindLockhart's sudden appearance startled Hermione.
   Professor Lolo Lockhart!
    she almost screamed. 
   Why are you here?
   
   There are some things to discuss with the head students and prefects, so I got into the car.
    Lockhart pretended to be ignorant, 
   Are you looking for someone?
   
   Yes, it's two of my friends, I couldn't find them in the car.
    Hermione said anxiously and quickly, 
   One is Harry Potter and the other is Ron Weasley, you see Passed him, at Florin-Fusco's, when he ordered...
   
   I remember him, and I know who Harry is.
    Lockhart hastily interrupted Hermione's chatter—he didn't remember her being such a talkative person, 
   So, did they get in the car after all?
    No?
   His words stopped Hermione:    oo maybe not.
   
   'Maybe' no?
    Lockhart put an accent on the first word.
   Actually... we don't remember.
    Hermione felt a little flushed, 
   Mrs. Weasley and I were busy arranging for Ginny, Fred and George disappeared in the blink of an eye, and I don't know where they went, Percy said Going to a meeting in the prefects box, we thought they were already in the car with the twins...but Fred just said he never saw them and they were too busy talking to Jordan about their summer.
   
   What an enviable big family.
    Lockhart understood.Apparently, whatever went wrong later, Harry Potter still made it to the Burrow, and, along with Ron Weasley, failed to make it to platform 9 3/4.In other words, even if Harry and Ron couldn't go in because of 
   that accident
   , they only need to wait a few more minutes, and after Arthur and Molly come out, they can still explain the situation.It can only be said that the sense of urgency of not catching the train made their two brains a little too dull, just like when they hear the sound of boiling water on the phone, people will instinctively rush around, even if it actually overflows, it’s not a big deal.
   Don't worry, Dumbledore will not let Ren Yuke be absent alone, Miss Granger.
    Lockhart comforted her, 
   At most, I will miss the sorting ceremony.
   
   That's serious,
    Hermione murmured.If Miss Granger is worried, I can help you find it together. After the train stops, I will apparate back to London to check the situation-apparating on a high-speed moving train will easily separate of. ' Lockhart suggested.
   Will this be too much trouble for you, Professor?
    Hermione was a little embarrassed.
   It's no trouble at all,
    said Lockhart. 
   I'm the only faculty member on this train, and it would be my fault if something like this happened. I'm going to write to Dumbledore and tell him what's going on, and get off the train.
    Go find them later... Huihui!
   Lockhart suddenly opened the window and yelled out.— Wu Linhu, who was just twice the size of an ordinary owl, flew in through the window, and immediately saw the snacks Lockhart put on the table, and stepped forward to grab one.Lockhart scribbled a few lines on the paper, and tied it to his leg
   Take it well, and remember to give it to Dumbledore himself.
    Lockhart specifically urged.The owl purred to show that he heard it.Lockhart asked the owl to bring a letter to Dumbledore just to show his 
   diligence
   . In fact, he knew exactly how the two would come to the school.
   I bought too much cake just now. I didn't expect it to be so sweet. I'm almost full after eating only three... Take some back and share with your friends.
   After being a good person enough, Lockhart turned his attention back to the newspaper.But Hermione didn't intend to leave immediately:    Professor Lockhart?
   
   Any thing else?
   
   Last year, we learned almost nothing in Defense Against the Dark Arts class, so... May I know what we'll be learning this year? I mean... I'd better prepare beforehand so I don't fall behind your lessons. 
   Hermione seemed to be enduring some kind of torture, and she overcame a great sense of shame.Said these words.Lockhart shook his head:    Don't worry, Miss Granger, I won't fail to keep up. Because I plan to change the teaching method, as long as you memorize the spells in the textbook, you won't fail to keep up.In addition, I have to say that the book 
   The Dark Arts: A Guide to Self-Defense    is actually not bad, at least for the first grade, the spark spells, repelling spells, lighting spells and smoke spells in the book are very useful-although I don't know Seeing the utility of the snot spell so well, I intend to continue using this book in my first-year classes this year. 
   
   But is that 'Practical Restraint from the Dark Arts' going to be used from the second year?
    Hermione asked eagerly.
   From the shallower to the deeper, take your time.
    Lockhart was noncommittal, 
   That textbook is actually for the fifth and seventh grades, but I think there is nothing wrong with learning something in advance. There are 4th and 6th grades. In my course, I'm going to teach something practical.
   Practical?
    Hermione's pupils seemed to dilate a little, like? 
   
   Teach me a little bit about this, teach me a little bit about that!
    Lockhart continued to maintain his mystery, 
   If you are too inquisitive, you may lose your sense of expectation in advance.
   5 Me, I didn't mean to inquire, I hope you didn't...
    Hermione hurriedly pulled the words back.
   It's okay, I believe it's not difficult to remember the spells to be used, the hard part is to apply them.
    Lockhart glanced out the window:    If I were you, I would hurry up and change into my school robes and comb my hair again. Dressed up and ready for sorting...you seeIt's a bit impolite to dress like this and ride in a Thestral carriage. 
   He was referring to the Muggle clothes Hermione still wore—the woolen coat, jeans, and a small tumbler.But Hermione touched her hair automatically - and found it tousled.She gasped, only to realize that her current image might not be suitable to appear in front of Lockhart.
   You're right.
    She covered her hair with her hands, raised her arms, and slid backwards towards the door. 
   I think I should go back and change my clothes.
   Lockhart wanted to remind her that it was easy to trip when walking backwards, but the little girl moved so fast that she disappeared in the doorway in the blink of an eye, and it was too late for him to remind her.After Hermione went out, Lockhart looked at his watch and realized that it was still early.The Scottish Highlands, where Hogwarts is located, are more than 800 kilometers away from London. It has only been two or three hours, not so fast.The Hogwarts train departs from 0:100 in the morning, and then usually arrives at the destination when night falls, that is to say, the speed of the Hogwarts Express is about [-] kilometers per hour.Not too bad for a steam-era trainAnd before it appeared, Hogwarts students needed their own transportation to go to school, and every year a large number of wizards going to school would be noticed by Muggles, and it wouldn't take long to hide it.So in the end, Altrin Gomper, who was then the Minister of Magic, came up with a bold idea to use trains to send students to school.She has always been known for appreciating Muggle technology. After she has a good reason, she is of course looking for an opportunity to implement her ideas, and this train is the product.Although the pure-blood family at the time dismissed this, but under her tough threat of    take the train or don't come to school
   , the pure-blood family had to submit obedientlyLockhart liked the tough Minister for Magic very much - especially because she could force concessions from pure-blood families.If I can govern in the future, what can I leave behind... other than a bunch of illegitimate children?Lockhart thought expectantly.Chapter No.16 A Dedicated TeacherIn the evening, the express train finally arrived at Hogwarts.Lockhart originally wanted to talk to the people in the castle before leaving, so that he could 
   coincidence
    with Ron and the others when he came out, and save the trouble of apparating, but he saw a person on the platform of the station, Save him this step.
   Ron Weasley and Harry Potter are sitting in a flying car. Judging from the trajectory, it should be heading towards Hogwarts. Let me watch here, and you take the old man to the carriage By the way, the new students will be handed over to Hagrid—the tall gamekeeper,
    Snape said to Lockhart with a straight face.
   They were seen?
    Lockhart asked redundantly.Snape took out a newspaper from his pocket and threw it to Lockhart in lieu of his own answer.It has to be said that the media in the Great Empire is so developed that people have nothing to say.Just someone took a photo of the flying car, and within three hours, the news paper, still smelling of ink, had already come out of the printing press and appeared in self-service newspaper boxes in the streets and alleys of the city.The newspaper that Snape threw over was obviously a Muggle newspaper, because the scenery and people in the photo above did not move, but due to the reporter's superb shooting skills, it still showed the shape of the scrapped car.
   You came here on purpose to greet them, it seems that you care about them very much.
    Lockhart said a few more words.Afterwards, he was defeated by Snape's vicious gaze, and hurriedly called the old man to the Thestral's carriage.Unexpectedly, Lockhart found that he could see thestrals too.It stands to reason that you can only see this kind of strange sight after you have seen people die in front of you.Magical creatures, but Lockhart really couldn't remember where he'd seen someone die.Could it be... even if he died once?After arranging the students into the carriage, Lockhart did not follow the students to the auditorium, but returned to the station.Facing Snape's expression that he thought he was superfluous, Lockhart seemed to be unconscious, and leaned forward cheekily.
   What are you doing here?
    Snape asked, 
   I can watch here alone.
   Don't say that, I just think it's more appropriate for me to do some work.
   Lockhart was not at all annoyed by Snape's bad attitude, geniuses, some tempers are normal, as long as his existence can earn him Galleons and prestige, then even if he sees him, he will scold him It doesn't matter.Besides, Snape's attitude was not towards him, Lockhart, he just had a bad attitude towards all the 
   Professors of Defense Against the Dark Arts
    because he couldn't be one himself.Sure enough, after hearing this, Snape's attitude became even worse.Although the professors were still in doubt about Lockhart's teaching level at this time, Dumbledore specifically explained to several deans that Lockhart's level may be 
   not as good as what he said in the book
   . They were ready to wipe their asses, so Snape kind of guessed a little bit of the real level of the original owner-only the current Lockhart was not the original one.
   Oh? So what exactly is a job that only the famous Lockhart can handle, but a little potions professor can't?
    he asked sarcastically.
   For example, put on a kind smile, comfort the students who are still in shock, and let them go back to the auditorium for dinner.
    Lockhart countered.Snape:    ...
   He really couldn't do this. It was no less difficult for Snape, who had a stern personality, to show a 
   kind smile
    than to ask Voldemort to dance a pole dance[Note].But he quickly thought of something else:    I don't think the two students who violated one hundred school rules need to be comforted. After receiving them, they should be taken to the principal's office immediately to discuss how to expel them.
   
   Really? Although there will be punishments, I think there should be a distance between them.
    Lockhart raised a different opinion.
   That's just your idea.
    Snape didn't budge.Lockhart smiled and did not continue to discuss the topic.He knew that Snape was just talking, no matter how much he hated Harry Potter and his father, but for Lily Evans' sake, he would do his best to take care of them child.Don't you think he ran out of school alone to pick him up out of concern?Thinking of how in the original book, after confirming the safety of Harry and Ron, Snape followed behind secretly until he showed up in the auditorium and threatened to fire them, Lockhart felt sorry for the poor man. Deeply worthless.Thinking of this, he took out the cake bought in the car and two bottles of mead made by Rosmerta from the pocket he had cast the expansion spell on.
   It seems that the two little guys will arrive very late. Although it is still summer, it is still very cold here at night...Professor Snape, how about a glass of mead? I happen to have something to ask you.
   Snape was obviously not very good at accepting other people's kindness. When he saw Lockhart handing over the wine, he originally wanted to decline, but after hearing that he had something to ask himself, he took the bottle smoothly.Because this is an addition to the transaction, not a free one.And after the chill evening wind from the Scottish Highlands, he really wanted a drink.Of course, the former is more important - think about it one by one, just because Harry PotterGrandpa made magic shampoo, so Snape hated James Potter and didn't want to use Muggle shampoo, so he would rather not wash his hair, making his hair greasy, really a gentleman Don't drink the water from the stolen spring.
   We don't communicate much, and there's only so much you can do with me...Let me guess—guess, maybe the Muggles are trying to smear that mixture of lizard blood and bentymans secretions on their faces again? 
   Snape stared at the bottle for a while, convinced that there should be no poison in it, and then took a gulp.
   This is only a part, and it is said that only those wizards from Muggle families will buy it, and the market is only so big. Although I do have plans to ship to Muggles on a large scale, it will have to wait for me to become After the Minister of Magic.
    Lockhart said bluntly.Snape squinted at him:    Minister of Magic? You?
   
   Yeah, after finishing this year, I'm going to work in the Ministry of Magic... I remember when I was in school, I said that I wanted to be the youngest Minister of Magic in history.
   
   Yeah, you also said that you'd make a Philosopher's Stone before you graduated and captain England to the Quidditch World Cup. Even though you had just graduated when I came to Hogwarts, I've also heard Get over it,
    Snape added sarcastically.
   Ahem...
    Lockhart was a little embarrassed, 
   Do your best or don't do it
   , this is my motto.I think I may not have the talent for Quidditch and alchemy, but for the Minister of Magic, I didn't give up. 
   
   What does that have to do with me?
    Snape took another sip of his wine.
   Because I'm half-Muggle, so the pure-blood family is definitely not willing to support me. I need your help to let these old stubborn people make money from Muggles, so that I will be less hindered when I reform.
   
   I'm not interested in money,
    said Snape, 
   if it wasn't for buying magicMedicine stuff, I don't even want to get out of the castle. 
   
   But you won't refuse honors, will you? If it can become a 
   business card
    for the wizarding world to export to Muggles, I think a second class of the Order of Merlin will never escape. If possible, a first class It's not negotiable either. 
   
   Let's wait until you become the first.
    Snape would not believe him so easily
   Okay, Professor Snape is indeed as rumored...In that case, I would like to ask you to help configure something first, and I will pay for it. You will not refuse this, right?After drinking Lockhart's wine, Snape felt that he shouldn't be so unreasonable:    Tell me, if you can avoid dealing with those profiteers, who's money is not earned?
   
   I want a potion that can change color at will, and has certain magic resistance and adhesion.
    Lockhart made a request.
   It's not difficult, but what do you want to use it for?
   
   Make contact lenses that can change color. The Muggles call this 
   color contact lenses
   . I want to try it at Hogwarts first, and distribute it to the students as prizes. said LockhartBoring - that was Snape's first reactionHe was about to refuse, but suddenly remembered another thing.
   You mean, contact lenses? The thing that sits in front of the eyes?
   
   Yeah, in addition to being able to change colors freely, it's best to be able to resist the strong winds of the Quidditch pitch, as well as those little curses during duels, such as the Eye Sickness Curse. I don't want students to hurt their eyes during class. Although even With only one brain alive, Madam Pomfrey could have put the person back together, but the one who caused the accident may end my teaching career early,
    Lockhart said.
   
   
Chapter 10   
   
   Snape stared at him for a moment, trying to figure out if the guy had noticedwhat.But Lockhart looked as usual, not as if he knew anything.
   Well, it's boring, but since you are the one who is willing to waste money, I personally don't care. Anyway, first graders have to make color-changing potions in class, and it doesn't take much time to add something.
    Snape finally agreed. .P.So Voldemort dancing - if you are interested, you can search for the video, I don't care if I am blind.Chapter No.17 BlackmailLockhart was about to say a few words of thanks, but a classic car suddenly appeared in the distant sky interrupted his words.Its engine roared, and it took the people on it - straight to the direction of Hogwarts Forbidden Forest.Seeing this, Lockhart and Snape hurriedly dropped the wine bottles in their hands, pulled out their wands one after another, and went straight to the Forbidden Forest.
   Flocks of birds!
   Lockhart took the lead and summoned a large flock of birds from the tip of his wand, and then threw the wand into the air, and he summoned invisible ropes to hang on the birds in the air, hanging Flying towards the Forbidden Forest with the wrist of his left hand.Beside him, Snape let himself float up indifferently, like a fairy in the legend, soaring into the clouds and flying in the direction of the Forbidden Forest.Looking at Snape's fairy-like appearance beside him, while he looked like a rescue team member hanging under the helicopter, Lockhart would be lying if he said he wasn't envious.If he remembered correctly, only Voldemort and Snape had used this special flying spell from beginning to end, and no third person could fly in such a chic way.Dumbledore might work, but he's more reliant on the Phoenix for teleportation.According to the magic master JoKo Rowling himself, it is very dangerous for wizards to fly without tools, and it is not necessary.Because it is very difficult to control the flight, as long as there is a slight mistake in the air and the magic power is broken, people will fall down. Only people like Voldemort who have plenty of magic power and are not worried about being shot down from the sky can use it with confidence.To be able to invent the spell himself, and to learn the flying spell from Voldemort that even Bellatrix couldn't understand, Severus Snape is indeed a geniustalent.Compared with him, except for the Oblivion Curse, which is confident that Lockhart can win, the rest are too far behind. If he doesn't use a broom or other means of transportation, he can only use the current method to fly by tricks.They followed the car from afar, watching it darting all over the sky until it hit head-on on the Whomping Willow by the Forbidden Forest.Although the way of landing was not safe, Snape and Lockhart were still relieved—as long as they didn't enter the Forbidden Forest, then these two little guys are safeAt least not life-threatening.
   Hmph.
    Snape's sneer came along with the wind, 
   I hope the bones in their hands and feet are broken by the Whomping Willow. Only in this way can the restless guys be at peace for a while.
   Why do you have to pretend like this?If something really happened to Lily Potter's son, I'm afraid Snape would explode on the spot.Lockhart thought.
   We have to hurry over there to have a look.
    Lockhart said, 
   Use the Healing Charm first to treat it. If there is something wrong with the bone, then you have to use the Levitation Charm to send it to Madam Pomfrey.
   Snape nodded imperceptibly, but his mouth was still forceful.
   You are the professor of Defense Against the Dark Arts. I think a mere Whomping Willow can't do anything to the famous Gilderoy Lockhart, right?
   
   Aren't you going?
   
   I'm the potions professor, and it's my job to prepare wound medicine for you three if you come back with a bruised nose and a swollen face—but I may not be very good at treating wounds on the face, and scars are not good at all.
    It's possible.
    Snape stared at Lockhart's face and said in a malicious tone.Lockhart was amused in his heart—Snape is obviously a man with a sharp mouth, but he still pretends to want Harry to die. If it weren't for the insider,I'm afraid that I will be deceived by him.
   Okay, then I'll go alone and tell them that Professor Snape cares about them from afar.
    Lockhart said deliberately.Snape's face changed:    Don't get involved with me, I wouldn't come out if it wasn't for the headmaster's request.
   Lockhart looked at Snape with a wicked smile:    Then...how long will it take for the discoloration potion for contact lenses to be prepared?
   
   I will prepare it for you within a week... the amount of a big pot,U!Should be enough for you. 
   Snape asked through gritted teeth.
   Enough, there are even rich ones.
    Lockhart walked away.Looking at his back, Snape really wanted to use 
   Shen Feng Wu Ying
    to cut off the invisible rope in Lockhart's hand.After threatening Snape a little, Lockhart happily flew to the Whomping Willow, just in time to see the Whomping Willow frantically whipping its branches, Harry and Ron crouched down and crawled around in embarrassment look.Should have asked Colin to borrow his camera, Lockhart thought it was a mistake.However, he still hasn't forgotten his duty, and he took out his wand and pointed at the pebbles on the ground:    Wadi Vasi!
   Following Lockhart's incantation, the pebbles shot out in the direction Lockhart's eyes were looking at, and hit a knot in the Whomping Willow.The Whomping Willow suddenly seemed to be struck by lightning, and his body shook like chaff, and then he remained motionless.Harry and Ron, who were lying on the ground with their heads covered and crawling on their elbows and knees, suddenly felt that their surroundings had become much quieter. When they looked up, they realized that there was another person in front of them.
   Get up quickly, although you missed the sorting ceremony, if you move quicklyIf so, maybe we can catch up with dinner.Lockhart bent down and held out his hands to Harry and Ron.
   Uh...thank you, Professor Lockhart.
    Ron was the first to respond.He secretly raised his head back, and glanced at the Whipping Willow who had been terribly hit by a flying car, and his own car had disappeared at some point.
   Professor, look, this...
    he asked miserably.
   The judgment of responsibility is not up to me. What I am responsible for is to send you to school safely and soundly, have a full meal, and then tell the principal everything you see.
   Lockhart had no intention of talking about his responsibilities with the two, but dealt with the problem neatly.This was the first time for Harry to see Gilderoy Lockhart in person. Although he had heard a lot of good things from Mrs. Mason during the summer vacation, there were still some things that had to be seen with his own eyes.From the looks of it, this is a person who can be regarded as vigorous and resolute in his work.
   Healed as before! Repaired as before! Cleaned up!
    Lockhart used the single youth three times against the two.Then he saw Ron's wand, which had been broken in two, with only a slight disconnect.
   Broken even the wand? There's no way to fix this thing.
   He showed a regretful expression.
   Can't fix it?
   Ron's expression was wonderful, as if hearing Mrs. Weasley say that he would never give him another piece of Nat's pocket money in this life.
   It can't be fixed,
    Lockhart said regretfully. 
   Even Mr. Ollivander himself can't fix it. It's a magical thing. Magic tape plus aThe wooden hoops of wood can only last for a while.Well, Mr. Weasley and...Mr. Potter, you're Potter, right?I see your scars. 
   Dyke's, Prof. Harry Potter flinched visibly at the word 
   scar
   .
   Pack up your things and hold out your left hand. We have to speed up, or we will really miss dinner. It is said that the house elves have prepared mutton pies,
    Lockhart instructed.When the two heard that they might not be able to eat, they immediately put together their scattered luggage and stretched out their left hands to Lockhart.Several invisible ropes were wrapped around their left arms, and then a force brought them up and rushed towards Hogwarts Castle.Chapter 18 AdmissionLockhart was lucky. After returning to Hogwarts Castle, the banquet had just begun.Seeing Lockhart coming, Dumbledore, who had finished singing the school song and was about to sit down, stood up again.
   He's finally here! Dear teachers and students, please allow me to solemnly introduce this man, although many people have already heard of or met him—Gilderoy Lockhart, who will be the black magician at Hogwarts this year. Professor of defense class!
   There was a burst of warm applause in the auditorium, especially among the female students.
   thanks, thanks!
   With a broad smile on his face, Lockhart gracefully saluted the four house tables.
   Having been away from Hogwarts for a long time, I can't wait to prepare to revisit the old place, and contribute some insignificant experiences I learned in school and travels to you. I hope you will learn something, and more importantly --- life Safety!
   After speaking, he bowed again, and the applause from the audience became more enthusiastic.After the applause finally stopped, Dumbledore resumed his speech:    It is really an excellent speech. Only when we have a safe life can we enjoy more delicious food and more unique scenery...Considering that everyone is hungry, I just want to Say, please eat hard!
   As soon as the words fell, the four college tables and the teacher's seat were piled up with delicious food.
    Even if the girls' eyes were still lingeringly running to the teacher's seat, the protest of the stomach still made them have to pay attention I put all my strength back on the plate in front of me, and I just had to discuss a few words while eating.Lockhart was not in a hurry to sit down, but first went to find the dean of his student days——Professor FlitwickFlitwick looked at him with satisfaction:    Very well, he knows how to put the big things first. Although he still likes to show off, at least he is on the right path.
   
   I hope I won't embarrass Ravenclaw, the students are much smarter than before.
    Lockhart said modestly.Then, he went to salute Professor McGonagall and Professor Sprout who had also taught him.Although Professor Sprout doesn't seem to have much sense of presence at ordinary times, but she is from AAn old man from Mundo Dippet's time, from Herbert Bi who taught VoldemortAfter Earley resigned, she has been working as a professor of herbal medicine at Hogwarts.If you look at it in detail, the qualifications are not even much worse than Dumbledore.McGonagall, Sprout, and Professor Flitwick, the status of these three giants in Hogwarts is only lower than that of Dumbledore. After he left, these three were also the pillars of the school. How many times Dumbledore himself has been kicked out of the school, as long as they are still there, the school will still not be in chaos.As for Snape, he was still too young, only four years older than Lockhart, and he was considered the least senior and prestige among the four deans, even though his strength was very likely to be the second Hogwarts person under Dumbledore.For Lockhart, a student who has always liked to show off by various means in school, the three professors actually had some headaches at first.Although Dumbledore also hinted that Lockhart 
   may not be reliable
   , but because they don't know the whole story, they sometimes wonder if this student has changed.After a round of greetings, Lockhart finally sat down, picked up his knife and fork and began to eat.Harry and Ron wanted to take the opportunity to sneak over to the Gryffindor table too, but Snape appeared behind them with a sneer, threw them a newspaper, and began to humiliate them mercilessly. over them.Both Dumbledore and Professor McGonagall ate very quickly, because they were no longer young and their appetites were not big, so they walked out after a few bites, preparing to cook about Harry.Lockhart was not at all worried that this 
   savior
    would be expelled from Hogwarts. As long as Dumbledore was there, even if the school castle was demolished, they had to be students of Hogwarts.So Lockhart is still very tasty.After a while, Snape, who rushed back to his seat and violently tore the chair away, also confirmed his idea—Harry and Ron were only fined to stay in school for labor without even deducting a point, which made He was somewhat annoyed.Especially when Snape saw that the banquet was over and there was nothing left on the table, Lockhart even felt smoke coming out of his head when he looked at him.Although Hogwarts never makes people hungry all year round, there are still only one or two grand banquets like the school opening banquet every year. If you miss it, you have to wait for Christmas—although I don’t understand why wizards also celebrate Christmas.
   Want a small cake? You didn't take it outside just now. I bought it on the train, and there are two left.
    Lockhart kindly handed it to Snape.Snape walked away.Then Professor McGonagall reappeared in the auditorium, and Lockhart also took the opportunity to ask her to apply for a 
   retention student
   , saying that he needed someone to reply to fan letters.Professor McGonagall promised very happily—just replying to the letter, and it should not cause any irreversible damage to the students' body and spirit.Finally, the cake that Lockhart has been unable to deliver finally has a place to go.When the hungry Harry and Ron returned to the auditorium and found that there was nothing left on the table, the degree of dumbfoundment can be imagined.
   Let's eat these cakes first... By the way, which of you two can write better?
    Lockhart asked kindly.Although he didn't know why Lockhart asked such a question, Ron quickly turned his eyes toThey voted for Harry—he came from a wizarding family. Although he could read, he didn't have many places to write because he hadn't gone to elementary school, and Harry's handwriting was obviously more mature.Seeing Ron looking at him, Harry had to raise his hand.Zhuangzi, Harry, you are coming to my office this Saturday for detention.Ron, you go to Mr. Filch. 
   Lockhart immediately made a decision.Looking at Ron's expression, he must be hating himself for not practicing calligraphy well before.Given such a lenient treatment to the Savior, Dumbledore must be very satisfied, Lockhart thought.Dumbledore is indeed very satisfied with Lockhart now, especially when the student council president submitted Lockhart's plan.It seems that this year's position is not completely in vain. If Lockhart really does what he said above, the Savior can at least grow a lot, and the graduation rate of Hogwarts will also become much better.Sure enough, even a venomous snake has its uses.However, Dumbledore was not completely without doubts about what Lockhart had done.
   You just said that he wants you to prepare a color-changing potion that can resist magic? Use it on glasses?
    Dumbledore wanted to figure it out thoroughly.
   Contact lenses,
    Snape said dryly.Hungry people were never very good-tempered, not to mention Snape never gave anyone face.
   The contact... lens, is it spelled like this?
   
   You're not that old yet...these are glasses invented by Muggles, worn inside the eyelids.
   That's interesting... Is this a coincidence?
   Snape shook his head:    He shouldn't know, and even if he saw Lucius' movements in Diagon Alley, he didn't know what it was...Even I still can't figure out what it is .”Dumbledore looked down at his desk, as if he was thinking about something, and he spoke again after a long time.
   I do have a little guess about that diary... but I just guess that anyway, it will add an insurance to our actions, at least it will prevent many accidental injuries, won't it?
    He said slowly.Snape smiled sarcastically:    Would it stop you if there was an accidental injury?
   
   No.
    Dumbledore answered him seriously.
   
   
Chapter 11   
   
   Chapter 19 Defense Against the Dark Arts professors are exhaustedLockhart didn't know that the dear headmaster and Snape were talking about him behind his back, but even if he knew, he wouldn't care much, because his mind was now on preparing lessons.As the first lesson was about to begin, Lockhart didn't want to screw it up.He looked at his schedule and found that his courses were still quite tight.The curriculum of Hogwarts is not easy. Students have classes in the morning and afternoon, and occasionally astronomy, history of magic, or potions in the evening. It is not easy for Hermione to take all the courses.Fortunately, the homework is not too tight. Sometimes it is assigned on Monday, taught on Thursday and Friday, and sometimes it is due next week. If the course is not too tight, if there are two days on weekends, it can usually be finished.But it's not an easy job for a professor.Even if two colleges teach together, even if grades 6 and 7 are taught by four colleges together, if a grade has two classes a week, the professor still has to teach at least 24 classes, an average of about 5 classes a day, and correct students at night homework.To be honest, this class is too tight.Like Professor McGonagall, who requires 
   exceeding expectations (E)
    in the 0.W.s exam to take sixth-grade courses, which is already a rare act of kindness, because Transfiguration is also a compulsory course.As for Snape's requirement that he must pass the 
   Exceeding the List ()
    test, to be honest, Lockhart can understand it very well-because Potions class is taught in two classes at the same time, so if Snape doesn't control In terms of the number of elective courses, he even used weekends to attend classes.Lockhart thought that there were not many sixth and seventh graders who chose Defense Against the Dark Arts.Because he learned from Dumbledore that there were only 4 students who took Defense Against the Dark Arts last year, which means that there are only 7 seventh graders he will teach this year, even if there are more sixth graders. , So when Dumbledore asked Lockhart about the admission line for W's grades, he said that as long as 
   A (pass)
    is fine.But he was wrong, and very wrong.Because when he looked at the list last night, he found that there were actually 6 sixth graders taking Defense Against the Dark Arts this year, which means that half of the sixth graders took his classHe looked at the list, and found that 25 of the 17 people were witches, and the number of wizards was double that of last year. Although in a sense, this was a good thing, and it was convenient for him to recognize people, but he It will inevitably take a while.For example, this Monday, Lockhart's class time is fully arranged: there are four classes in the morning, one for the sixth graders, one for the seventh graders, two for the fifth graders, and two for the second graders in the afternoon. Enter graders.Well, I kind of know why Hogwarts has to change a Defense Against the Dark Arts professor every year—they are all exhausted.Lockhart was nearly late for his first class on Monday morning.There is no way, even if he    remembers
    how to go to class, he underestimated the enthusiasm of the students. Everywhere he went, people greeted him, and some girls even greeted him in the hallway, auditorium, and outside the classroom. Greeting three times, just to say a few more words with him.Had it not been for the roaring letter from Ron's mother that caught the attention of everyone in the Great Hall, Lockhart probably wouldn't even have had breakfast.But no matter how annoying he was, Lockhart was still polite and smiling.But if everyone wants to return the greetings, then he can't even think about doing business. It will take a lot of time just to say hello all day long.It seems that learning the Disillusionment spell needs to be put on the agenda as soon as possible, Lockhart thought.
   Good morning! Ladies and gentlemen!
    he said to the sixth graders in the room
   Good morning! Professor Lockhart!
    The students replied enthusiastically.Seeing their enthusiastic attitude, Lockhart has no doubt that as long as he doesn't act like a monster, he will definitely become the most popular teacher in the history of Hogwarts by the end of the semester.Since it is already popular, let's do something more popular, such as a
   Put away your books and get out your wands, we don't need to read books for this lesson.
    Lockhart said to the audience.Sure enough, the students were even happier.
   I'd like to do a roll call first—although I already know most of you, such as Mr. Percy Weasley from Gryffindor, Miss Penelope Clearwater from Ravenclaw, Mr. Marcus Flint of Lytling...
   After the roll call, Lockhart straightforwardly began his lecture.
   The concept of Defense Against the Dark Arts, I think, should be familiar to you sixth graders, that is, learning how to use magic to protect yourself from dark creatures and black magic.If this homework was done many years ago, it should be a basic skill for a wizard.But with the advent of modern society, not only Muggles, our wizards' life has become more and more convenient, and the dangers we encounter have become less and less. We only need to master the spells commonly used in life, and it is enough to cope 99.9% of the time.But the reason why we have to learn this course is to deal with the dangers that may be encountered in the 0.1% of the time, because the danger will either not happen, or it may kill us if it happens, and for some dangerous occupations All the more so, we must learn to fight black magic and dark magic creatures.For those interested in a medical career, Defense Against the Dark Arts is more like a branch of Charms, because they seldom face demons and heretics directly.But for those who want to face the black magic, the essence of this homework is 
   confrontation
   In my class, I want to train you and train your confrontation ability, from the first grade to the fourth grade, plus you are in the sixth grade. 
   Hearing the 
   confrontation
    that Lockhart emphasized, the smiles of the students restrained a little.
   Excuse me, where are the fifth and seventh graders?
    A girl timidly raised her hand.
   Unfortunately, they have to take the exam.
    Loha spread his hands, 
   so their main homework is to recite, brush up the questions, and practice spells against the scarecrow.
    Just finished the exam a few months ago.W丄s The wizards suddenly showed gloating smiles—sounds really boring enough.
   Don't worry, you will have to take the exam next year.
    Lockhart reminded.Then the smiles on their faces suddenly disappeared again.Students everywhere are alike, and it's hard not to feel overwhelmed by the thought of spending a whole year studying.
   Excuse me, what do you mean by 
   confrontation
   ? A duel?
    Another boy raised his hand and asked.
   Dueling is only part of it.
    Lockhart admitted his thoughts without hesitation, 
   Considering that most black magic is performed by humans, training duels is a very effective method.
   - Hearing that a duel was about to take place, the little wizards present immediately became energetic, while many girls looked at each other in blank dismay.
   Don't be surprised, in fact, duels will take up most of the class time of this class.
    Lockhart suddenly found a good opportunity to reduce his workload:    For example,If we face a villain who summoned Fiendfyre, raised a black dragon, or threw floating bombs everywhere, our best way is never to fight Fiendfire, black dragon or floating bombs, but to defeat the dark wizard himself, so dueling skills learning is very necessary. 
   He deliberately exaggerated the threat, hoping that these girls could retreat in spite of difficulties.But unfortunately, no one in the audience moved.If it's Professor Lockhart, I think... it should be safe. 
   Penello's speech caused a burst of nodding among the girls.
   I can't guarantee your safety.
    Lockhart said, 
   The things I will teach in this class are very practical. At the end of the semester, I will formulate the most suitable magic confrontation for each student. system, and before that, I have to see his or her full potential.
   
   You mean, tailor-made instruction?
   I have to be responsible for every student, don't I? 
   Lockhart said helplessly:    If you are a junior student, I will mainly focus on tapping your potential, but you are already 16 or 17 years old, and you are about to become an adult or already an adult. Most of your spell systems have been finalized, so I can only Build it according to your current abilities, if you really don't have the confidence to fight...
   
   Then we must participate.
    Penello said firmly.Lockhart really didn't expect that his reputation would bring him so much workload.But there is no way around this. Since he has enjoyed the benefits of fame, he has to bear the corresponding responsibilities.So far, he has no choice but to go all out: makeup, since you all refuse to give in, let us start the first step now... Tell me first, what spells have you learned so far?Especially apparition, who learned it?Who doesn't yet.    Everyone looked at each other in blank dismay—apparition is still quite difficult, not to mention these children who may have just turned 17 or even not yet, even adult wizards who have graduated for many years, there are not many who can learn to apparate.
   Does it matter?
    the Ravenclaw student asked cautiously.
   I'm not trying to scare you. In a one-on-one duel system, whether or not you can Apparate will determine the wizard's style of play. You can use Apparation as you like, you can only use it when you are fully concentrated, and you can't use it at all. Yes, the fighting styles of these three wizards can be said to be quite different. Although people who can’t use Apparition can’t say that they have no chance of winning, they will definitely be passive against those who can use it.”
   You are very good at apparating in the heat of battle?
    The students were in disbelief, 
   I heard from Mr. Treklaus (the official of the Ministry of Magic who took the Apparition exam)...
   
   You mean the three of Apparation? Destinatin, Determinatin, and Deliberatin.
    Lockhart grinned. 
   It just so happens that I'm good at this kind of self-suggestion.
   Chapter 20 Curriculum for second grade
   Have you heard, Fred 0 Defense Against the Dark Arts 0
   
   The two of us have been together all the time. When you hear it, I hear it.
   
   I just wanted to make sure, thank you, but we don't seem to have a defense class today.
   
   That is to say, there is a whole day for us to inquire.
   After the morning class, a gossip began to spread among the students.Everyone was curious about what class the famous Gilderoy Lockhart would teach, so when the senior students finished his class, the younger students immediately started to inquire.This inquiring made a lot of sense—Lockhart actually wanted to teach dueling directly!And these people, of course, also included the trio of Harry, Ron and Hermione.This year they are in the second grade. After the thrilling adventure of the Sorcerer's Stone at the beginning of the year, they have developed a strong interest in Defense Against the Dark Arts. In addition, the three of them have more or less dealt with Lockhart, so Inevitably curious.But they didn't know many senior students, so they had to take advantage of lunch time and Ron's two twin brothers to stop Percy Weasley in the auditorium and ask him Case.Percy Weasley replied sternly:    Personally, I think Professor Lockhart's courses should never be described as 
   interesting
   . For Miss Granger and I who are good at learning from books For people with knowledge, some of the content may be dangerous...
   
   That's awesome!
    the Weasley twins said in unison.Percy frowned dissatisfiedly:    Compared with other courses, the uncertainty of this course is indeed higher. But except for the fifth and seventh grade courses which are quite practical, I don't think the other grades The course schedule is suitable for an on-campus student,But out of the pursuit of overall consistency, I obey the student head and other prefects collectively...
   
   Okay, we got it! Thank you, Percy.
   George slapped Percy hard from behind, smacking him with a smack and pushing back what he hadn't finished saying.
   It's something to look forward to this year,
    the twins assured Harry's trio. 
   Percy says dangerous things, so it must be very interesting.
   Hearing what they said, Harry and Ron were also eager to try.
   
   No matter what the professor is, he won't be worse than the one last year, at least he won't have someone on the back of his head who wants to kill you all day long. ' said Ron to Harry.Harry was amused, but Hermione was furious.
   Ron! Professor Lockhart just saved you yesterday!
    she yelled at Ron.Ron was baffled by Hermione's annoyance, 
   I was saying nice things about him
   Then how can you compare him to that monster?
   
   ...Isn't it enough to just mention one sentence?
    Ron was dumbfounded.—After a so-so lunch, the trio came to the Defense Against the Dark Arts classroom.Although Hermione was still angry, she didn't have any other friends, and she had to form an iron triangle if she wanted to go to class.The afternoon sun combined with a full stomach made people drowsy, but Lockhart made up his mind to let everyone in his class face the afternoon refreshed.Lockhart was still the same, and said first:    Take out your wands and put away your textbooks. You only need those for homework.
   There was an uncontrollable cheer from the students.Apparently not everyone in the senior class was like Percy, who said almost everything but said nothing. They had known for a long time that there was a special small circle between the sixth grade students and Professor Lockhart. Practical exercises.Although the courses of the fifth and seventh grades are still so boring, considering the imminent exam, I believe that both the parents of the students and the students themselves can accept Lockhart's arrangement.Lockhart promised them that if the fifth and seventh graders still had enough time to study, they could come to participate in some extracurricular activities after the weekend.However, considering that the fifth graders had almost seven classes a day, and the seventh graders were looking for jobs, Lockhart felt that they would just come and have a look.Those who really need to focus on training are two or three grades before and after Harry Potter.Lockhart felt that if Dumbledore knew what he thought, he would definitely give himself a raise.I believe you already know Shimu. My course emphasizes confrontation, because in actual combat, no enemy or black magic creature will stand still for you to cast a spell. All your spellcasting must be done in confrontation and pressure.If you neglect to practice 7 at ordinary times, then your magic spells will definitely not be able to hit accurately in the confrontation, and you may lose your mind and temporarily forget the spells.But for you, I don't think it's appropriate to learn all kinds of skills and methods from the very beginning, because your spell system has not yet been finalized—in other words, you don't even have a deep understanding of yourself, let alone the spell system.So in the first few courses, in addition to teaching you some practical little spells, I will also conduct a series of tests on you to confirm your talent bias and give you a basic positioning.This positioning is very important. It not only allows you to better understand yourself, but also allows you to figure out where you are in the next 
   team battle
   .After you get my position, you can refer to the list of 
   suggested spells
    I gave, learn the key points one by one, and finally complete your own set of systems-your second-year work is limited to this.Well, anyone who has any questions can ask me now, if there are no questions, we will officially start our first class. 
   After saying this, Lockhart looked at the second graders.- Listening to ask questions, both Harry and Ron instinctively looked at the man beside them.Although they have only been together for more than a year, they have become accustomed to this girl who must raise her hand to 
   answer
    whenever there is a problem in class.But they were surprised to find that when Lockhart asked 
   Who has a problem
   , the girl remained indifferent, just propped her chin with her hand, and smiled sillily.Niu Liwende told me that Hermione spent half an hour combing her hair at noon. 
   Ron whispered to Harry. 
   I didn't know why, but it's clear now.Although the original doubt in Harry's heart was resolved, a new doubt flooded his mind again:    Well...why did Lavender tell you this?
   Ron was also puzzled:    Who knows.
   Apparently, young boys do mature later than girls emotionally, especially at the age of 12.After Lockhart asked the question for a while, someone raised his hand timidly:   Professor, what did you mean by 'test'?
   Everyone looked around and found that it was Neville Longbottom who asked the question.Lockhart was very happy that someone supported this field, otherwise he would be responsible for guiding the students himself later.
   It's very simple. I will set up a series of scenes to examine theThe quality of the position--this quality includes magic power, accent of chanting, reaction speed, overall planning ability, and whether you have a big heart. Only by knowing the real quality of everyone, can I help you make use of your strengths and avoid weaknesses... Okay, let’s get back to business, no Do you know how well you mastered the 
   Repelling Curse
    last year?
   Hearing this, the little wizards were obviously a little uneasy.Last year, Professor Quirrell's business level, or the ability to cast black magic, was actually not bad, but unfortunately, his severe stuttering and strong smell of garlic (in order to cover up Voldemort's special smell) made his teaching a joke.
   
   
Chapter 12   
   
   If you want to say that everyone has learned nothing, it seems wrong, but everyone's attitude towards this subject is very questionable. I am afraid that it is similar to the attitude of those students in Muggle primary schools towards morality and labor.Lockhart had expected this situation:    It doesn't look very good, but I'm glad that you still have enough time to consolidate your foundation. Please pick up your wands and stand up.
   The little wizards stood up obediently, all holding their wands in their hands.Lockhart took out his wand and drew a circle towards the audience.The desks and chairs in the classroom suddenly seemed to have spirituality. They jumped up from the ground, then obediently moved to the two sides of the classroom, and then piled up layer by layer, leaving a large space in the middle.If Flitwick had seen all this while Lockhart was a student, he would probably have given Ravenclaw a 10.When the middle of the classroom was completely empty, Lockhart took out his own box under the eyes of countless little wizards.
   Relying on the magic wand, we wizards can cast all kinds of spells. Some spells are powerful, some have colorful effects, and some are inconspicuous but very practical. But all of these have a premise—that is, hit the opponentIn this lesson, we will review the repelling spell we learned last year. Of course, if you have previewed some new spells in the textbook, such as the advanced stun spell of the repelling spell, the derived obstacle spell, or other branches Freezing spells, binding spells, etc., I will give extra points as appropriate. 
   As he spoke, he opened his trunk: a humming wooden box was revealed.   And this, is our first lesson - use your spells to accurately repel the 
   Billywig Worm
   !Chapter 21 Testing talent—It sounds like Billywig. Although students from Muggle families are still a little confused, those from wizard families are basically relieved.
   What's that?
    Harry whispered to Ron.
   Good question, who can tell me what Billywig is, its characteristics: and its efficacy.    Lockhart began to ask questions.Hermione raised her hand immediately, looking very eager to make a good impression in front of Lockhart.Because this question is not difficult, some of the Ravenclaw eaglets who shared the class with Gryffindor were eager to try, but they put down their half-raised hands even under Hermione's fierce stare. .There is no need to offend the first grade for a small limelight --- this is Eagle AcademyThe philosophy of human existence.Of course, Hermione doesn't know, even if she doesn't try to answer the question, Lockhart still 
   knows a lot
    about her, even because of her relationship as the Minister of Magic in 
   Harry Potter and the Cursed Child
    Well, he had already included her in his 
   Ministry of Magic Cabinet
    early on to attract votes from left-wing wizards.So Lockhart pushed Hermione up smoothly.
   It is an Australian insect with a blue body and a fast flight speed. It has pincers on its tail. People who are stung will feel dizzy and feel dizzy, so candy shops will use its pincers to make 
   Zizi bee sugar
   . 
   Hermione said everything she knew almost in one breath, her tone was fast and urgent, as if someone was chasing her.
   Miss Granger answered correctly, five points for Gryffindor.
   Lockhart was very satisfied, Miss Know-it-all really lived up to her reputation.
   Everyone hears it. While it's not that dangerous, it's not that easy to catch either.Next, everyone took turns to go to the center of the room to catch the bugs I released, and after catching them, put them in the cups I gave you to see who was the fastest.At the same time, in order to improve everyone's enthusiasm, I will set up a reward and punishment measure. The three people who catch the Billywig worm the fastest will be rewarded with a lot of sizzling bee candies. As for the slowest three people ...
   Speaking of this, Lockhart kept a secret, and he didn't reveal the answer until he saw the little wizards getting nervous again.
   ...Don't be nervous, even the person with the worst grades, I will give them a candy, it's just a sad honey candy, and I have to eat it in front of my classmates.
   Seeing that the children from wizarding families suddenly looked like they were facing a formidable enemy, Harry couldn't help asking.
   What is a heartworm?
   Ron clenched his hands tightly:    It's also a kind of bug, and its honey is very sweet.
   
   poisonous?
   
   No, it's not poisonous, but it will bring tears to my eyes. Fred and George once gave me a piece of heartworm honey cake for my birthday. They said they stole it from the closet at home and told me not to tell it.
    Mom.
    Ron looked constipated, 
   It turned out that everyone was congratulating me on my birthday that day, but I kept crying and didn't dare to say...it was the worst birthday I've ever had.
   Hearing how 
   cruel
    the punishment was, Harry took a deep breath.Fortunately, this class was taken with Ravenclaw. If it was taken with Slytherin, he would rather stay in school and work twice as much as cry in front of Draco Malfoy.
   Now, I need two students to come over and do a demonstration with me. It's best to have one from each college. Is there anyone willing to come forward?
    Lockhart asked again.Seeing that several people were eager to try but hesitated, Lockhart quickly added to the flames:    Of course, with me here, I won't make you dizzy. I'm just demonstrating one of the methods—I want to use the magic spell to accurately hit the flying target.
    It's a bit difficult for a small bug.
   Lockhart's assurances seemed to work, and Ravenclaw's Terry Boot and Anthony Goldstein seemed willing to give it a try, but in the end it was the non-wizard Anthony who was more determined-because he didn't know the bug There's nothing scary about it.The Gryffindor side was much more enthusiastic - not only boys, but even some girls raised their hands, wanting to help Professor Lockhart.In the end, Lockhart came up with one—
   Mr. Finnigan, it's up to youHe wanted to see how powerful the legendary explosive maniac was.Seamus Finnigan didn't expect to be targeted, but he still happily came to Lockhart's side, while Hermione, Lavender and Parvati all looked disappointed
   Very good... Let's come over and learn your first spell in the second grade first. Say Ex-pul-s (Ex-pul-s) 7 with me, the accent is on the second sound!
   Txpuls! The whole class repeated in unison.
   Very well, let's look at my movements next - shake your wrist like this, keep your eyes fixed on the position you want to release, and then a little bit, recite the mantra quickly, use your lung capacity when making a plosive sound, and have a clear ending - Flying sand and rolling stones!
   As Lockhart clicked, a blue light appeared at the tip of the wand, which quickly sank into the air.Then the air there visibly distorted, as if a balloon had been punctured, and a small explosion occurred.The airflow brought by the explosion hit the faces of the students present, and the people who were hit by the airflow felt like they were in a car driving on the highway and suddenly stuck their heads out of the window.Feeling the same, he immediately leaned back.Lockhart had been prepared for a long time, so of course there was nothing unusual, but some of the unprepared students were unsteady and sat on the ground at that time.With apology, Lockhart helped the fallen person up with the students around him:    As you can see, this is the effect of this spell. It can cause a small air explosion within a certain range, and the magic power consumed Very little, I almost oo
   At this moment, a mantra chanting sound suddenly came from behind him, interrupting his narration.
   Flying sand and rolling stones!
    Seamus Finnigan pointed at the sky above the classroom.Lockhart shivered, shrunk his head, lowered his center of gravity, and pointed his wand at the top of his head—he didn't even have time to recite the spell, so he had to use Mr. You Yan, who was less powerful.
   Silence and silence!
   It turned out that his reaction was necessary.A loud noise as if a gas tank exploded just made the prelude, and they were strangled back as if someone was stuck in the neck. Only then did the second-year students avoid being sent to Madam Pomfrey because their eardrums were shattered What happens there.While sound can be avoided, explosions cannot.This time, the number of people who fell in the classroom and those who were shot on the wall was four times that of before, and even the glass of the classroom was shattered by the blast.
   Hurry up, help the students up.
    Lockhart slowly stood up straight, and began to help the students who were slapped on the wall and on the ground one by one.The little wizards stood up grinning, and all focused their attention on the chief culprit of this incident - Seamo Finnigan.Seamus opened his hands in a panic, opening and closing his mouth to defend something, but he couldn't say anything.Unsure of the location of the explosion, LojaThe range of special silent spell is a little bigger.Lockhart found out about the situation and immediately took the blame on himself.
   5 points for Gryffindor.
    He said, 
   This was my mistake. I obviously underestimated the magic power of the second-year students. And Mr. Finnigan used a very perfect, even unexpected, flying sand and stone, deserves to be rewarded.”His words relieved Seamus, who was on tenterhooks, and then he found himself able to speak.He thought he was so nervous that he lost his voice just now, but he didn't know that it was the reason why Lockhart had just lifted the Silencing Curse.Lockhart didn't intend to punish Seamus, a 12-year-old little wizard, a simple little spell, these are nothing at all, but when combined, they exploded with amazing power, allowing a little wizard to use Flying sand and walking stones comparable to the power of elite Death Eaters, in a sense, this is also considered an amazing talent.
   The Explosive Maniac
    lives up to its name.
   Although Mr. Finnigan's flying sand and rocks are really good, the power is obviously beyond the standard.
    Lockhart said regretfully, 
   If I don't want to receive an astronomical fine from the principal after class, I can only change it. An assistant...Mr. Potter, how about it?
   Chapter 22 Classroom ExercisesHarry hadn't expected Lockhart to call him, but now he had some expectation.This class seems to be quite fun, there are neither boring books nor annoying nagging, even if there are occasional explosions, it is better than sitting at the table tinkering with potionsBut instead of telling him what to do right away, Lockhart went to fix the window first.
   Restored!
    Lockhart yelled through the window.Shards of shattered glass fell from the window sill and landed on the window again.If Lockhart were to choose the 
   most useful spell
    in the wizarding world, he would definitely not choose the Killing Curse, Fiercefire Curse, or Imperius Curse, but this Repairing Curse.As long as you know the initial state of a thing and keep most of the whole, the wizard can use this spell to restore it to its original appearance, and the magic power consumption is not too large, even housewives can use it, which brings great benefits to production. Come means more than any destructive spell.If the future Musk knows that there is such a thing, he will definitely be willing to spend hundreds of millions of dollars to train wizards to learn rocket engineering and become astronauts.It's a pity that it fell into the hands of the wizard.He sighed softly, then turned to his classmates.
   I believe that after the demonstration by me and Mr. Finnigan, everyone already knows what kind of spell it is. It is a range-of-air spell that can disturb the air, and it needs a delay after chanting the spell. to work, and I can assure you that the spell will not hit the Billywigs.
   
   No hit.
    Several students asked back in unison.Why would the professor teach himself if he couldn't hit it?Lockhart nodded and admitted:    Yes, of course it missed, Billywig bugThe air is quite sensitive, as long as there is a slight disturbance, it will immediately stay away from this place.However, if you can use flying sand and stones to make the billywig lose the space to escape, or force it not to fly around, then it will be much easier for you to hit it with a knockback spell or a freezing spell - as well as the spell have width.And this is the first lesson I want to tell you—a duel, or spell confrontation, is never about holding a magic wand stupidly and swishing spells at each other, but a battle between the enemy and us against time, space, A comprehensive game of mental states, spells and magic...Mr. Potter! 
   
   Yes! Sir.
    Harry stepped forward quickly.
   I heard that you are the youngest Seeker in the history of Hogwarts. I think you must be very agile, right?
   
   Uh...Although it may not be as exaggerated as the rumors say, since no one has raised any objections, so be it.
    Harry said nervously.Lockhart: ... (Damn it, as expected of the savior, let him pretend!)Makeup, then you are responsible for catching it.    Lockhart pointed to his box, 
   Later, I will join hands with Mr. Goldstein to use flying sand and rocks to force the Billywig bugs to the ground. You will be responsible for using the repelling spell or freezing spell Can you hit it? 
   Harry tightened his grip on his wand:    I think I could try, sir, but...
   
   But what?
   
   Can you just grab it with your hands?
    Harry asked again.This answer was beyond Lockhart's expectations again, but a good teacher will always learn to teach students in accordance with their aptitude. He felt that he had to encourage students' autonomy, although he didn't think Harry could grab a 1.4 cm long, very flexiblebugs.
   Okay, but put on your gloves,
    said Lockhart.After Harry put on the gloves, Lockhart lifted the buzzing beehive to the center of the classroom, letting the other students disperse to the side.
   Prteg Maxima
    Lockhart pointed at the sky above the classroom and read again.With a tap of his wand, a golden shield appeared out of thin air, covering the middle of the classroom like an eggshell.Lockhart inspected the shield he had made and was very satisfied.This spell was one of the three protections that Flitwick imposed on Hogwarts in the final Battle of Hogwarts.The defensive cover of 
   PrtegMaxima
   , the reinforcement of 
   FiantDuri
    J5, and the repelling of 
   Repelling the Enemy (RepellInimicum), if the attacker is not Voldemort, probably this layer of defense alone can make the food The dead were helpless.When Lockhart practiced spells in the basement of his home, he spent a lot of effort in practicing them. It took him more than a month to learn one of the three most powerful defensive spells. The purpose was to pretend to use them in front of the students.Since the practice time is still short, it is impossible for him to cast a defensive shield covering the entire Hogwarts like Professor Flitwick, and the protective ability is far from it, and it may be slightly stronger. Five or six spells are about to be broken, but it is definitely enough to scare the little wizards in the sixth and seventh grades.It's a pity that Harry and the others are only in the second grade now, so they probably don't know how difficult this spell is, and Lockhart has to appreciate it.…No, at least from the big mouths of Hermione and Teri Boot, the two of them knew how difficult the spell was.The Bouts are a wizarding family with a long history, so Terry knows it's okayNormal, but Hermione is all about knowledge and knowledge.
   Okay, don't worry about it flying away now, Mr. Potter, Mr. Goldstein, get ready!
    Lockhart shouted angrily.Both Harry and Anthony quickly raised their wands.Lockhart opened a partition in the box, and released a small blue flying insect from each ear.Seeing the light and fresh air outside, the Billywig immediately turned into a blue light, jumped out from the small room where it was imprisoned, and after turning around, buzzed and ran towards the window.It's a pity that although Lockhart's protective shield doesn't seem to have any sense of existence, it is a genuine legendary spell. If a bug wants to fly out of it, it would be too underestimating the word 
   legendary
   .So it didn't fly very far before bumping into the golden shield, and couldn't get out no matter what, just like flies bumping against the glass window.Seeing this, Lockhart quickly patted Anthony beside him:    Mr. Goldstein
   
   
Chapter 13   
   
   ■Anthony woke up like a dream, facing the Billywig worm:    Flying sand and rolling stones!This spell is really not difficult, so even if it was the first time to use it, Anthony used it.But this little bug from Australia was far more alert than everyone imagined. It sensed something was wrong when the air expanded, and flew back immediatelyThe Flying Sand and Stone Walking Technique released by Anthony naturally fell through the air, and the aftermath of the air explosion hit the protective cover.And the golden protective shield just flashed for a moment, without any unnecessary reaction.
   Oh oh oh, that's not going to work!
    cried Lockhart, 
   Remember I justIf so, what you have to do is not hit it, but drive it to where you want it to go! 
   Chapter 23 Classroom ExercisesHearing Lockhart's reminder, Anthony remembered his original responsibilities.
   But, professor, what to do?
    he asked foolishly.It's no wonder he was confused, because that little blue bug was so flexible.Even though he used area-of-effect magic, it was still very difficult to hit the little bug.
   Observe! Try! Think! Inquiry is the last thing to do.
    Lockhart opened his mouth and said three times:    Observe the trajectory of that 
   enemy
   , try all the weapons in your hand to deal with it, and then think about how to target him Behavior pattern to achieve your goal... If it doesn't work, ask me again, I will give you a basic methodHearing what he said, Anthony and Harry could only stare at the blue bug flying around in the classroom, and began to think about how to deal with it.The students who were watching outside the protective shield also heard Lockhart's words, so they got together in twos and threes, trying to discuss a solution.Seeing them like this, Lockhart decided to put a little more pressure on them.He yelled to Harry and Anthony:    Don't blame me for not warning in advance. If I don't catch it within 3 minutes, I will cast a madness spell on the Billywig-by then it will no longer be afraid of people, but Attack indiscriminately.While being stung won't make you unconscious, the feeling of being up in the air all afternoon and being led around like a balloon is definitely not going to be your wonderful return I'B for years to come. 
   Hearing what he said, both Harry and Anthony felt tense.
   I probably understand a little bit.
    Harry said to Anthony in a hurry, 
   Flying sand and rocks are not used to attack, but to drive them away. We have to find a way to force them back.
   it comes down. 
   
   How?
    Anthony didn't want to be the laughing stock of the whole school.
   Since we want to force it down, the two of us will continue to cast spells over its head to prevent it from flying upwards, so that it will fly lower and lower, while the other person is pressing it horizontally, pushing it down. The space for activities is getting tighter and smaller...
    Harry explained his thoughts.As expected of Ravenclaw, Anthony understood Harry's meaning in a blink of an eye:    You mean, it's like Quidditch's eagle head tactic, encircling the Quaffle from several directions.
   
   Yeah, that's what I mean,
    said Harry. 
   I'll catch him when he's within six feet of me.
   
   Can you catch it?
    Anthony expressed doubts.
   I'm Seeker...you know what I mean.
    Harry wasn't good at boasting like that.
   I see... It seems that Zhang is in trouble this year.
    Anthony sighed. 
   Zhang? Who is that?
   
   Our Seeker Choo Chang of the year...well, go ahead, I don't want to be the slowest,
    Anthony said.Due to the tight schedule, the two of them started the division of labor immediately after the discussion was made—Anthony was in charge of flying sand and rocks over the Billywig worm, while Harry was in charge of casting a curse at the far corner, and they worked together to force the worm down.And Harry is worthy of being the youngest Seeker Hogwarts has ever seen. When the bugs were flying around, he was almost motionless, until the Billywig worm flew from his ear to avoid Anthony, who was waving his wand. After a while, he made a sudden move and grabbed the bug.Because of being too excited, Harry accidentally crushed the bug to death
   Sorry, Professor Lockhart.
    Harry was a little embarrassed.Lockhart said that he didn't care at all:    It's okay, I still have a lot of these, and Honeydukes will buy a lot of pincers from this thing.
   Then, he took off the protective cover and began to lecture the other students.
   As you can see, Mr. Porter and Mr. Goldstein made reasonable use of their own advantages—that is, one of them was agile enough, and at the same time relied on limited space and spells to force this poor bug into a corner. Tired, the last hit. They set a very good example for everyone, and also added 5 points each to Gryffindor and Ravenclaw.Now, please start grouping, just like before, you must find your partner among the students from another college, and complete the next courses together. 
   With the demonstration just now, the second graders suddenly gained confidence in their hearts, and the relationship between Gryffindor and Ravenclaw was not too bad, so they quickly found their own combination, And the competition started.Lockhart himself walked aside, took out a quill and a student roster, and while observing the students in class, recorded their own characteristics and spellcasting characteristics.For example, Seamus Finnigan is good at all spells related to explosions. After using Flying Sand and Rocks a few times, the bug was hit by the aftermath of the shock wave because it couldn't dodge, and fell to the ground.Neville Longbottom was a little clumsy in his movements, and he was very slow in learning spells, but he trusted his teammates very much, was diligent, never slacked off, and was careful enough.Under the command of Terry Bout, who is also from a pure-blood family, he formed a crossfire force, pushing the bugs into corners little by little, and Terry's sense of space is also the second grade that Lockhart has seen best ever.As for the two Patil sisters, they cooperated the most tacitly - they were obviously sisters, but they were assigned to different colleges. This kind of situation was indeed very rare.What Lockhart admired the most was of course Hermione, who used it in one breath when catching bugs.She cast several spells——she asked her teammates to use Flying Sand to move rocks, and then she summoned a small whirlwind to drive the bugs into corners; finally, she used clear water like a spring to shoot down the bugs directly with streams of water, And the whole process is crisp and neat, very ornamental.And Lockhart also added a lot of notes for her without hesitation—smart, quick, and knowledgeable, her academic ability and the number of spells she knows are far beyond her peers, even among the third graders. By.
   You will definitely become the most outstanding witch in the past ten years.
    Lockhart commented on her decisively, 
   and most likely the most outstanding wizard.
   Hermione, who was praised by Lockhart, became beaming. She looked happier than when she stood in front of her parents with 
   excellent
    grades in all courses.But even Hermione wasn't the fastest of the group in today's class.The person who caught the bug the fastest was not the so-called 
   excellent student
    at all, but Ron Weasley, whom Lockhart hadn't thought of before.Just after Ron's partner Lisa Du Ping uttered the first sentence, Ron frowned, raised his hand towards a certain place in the middle of the classroom, and a repelling spell hit him.There was a flash of blue light in the air, and the Billywig seemed to meet it on its own initiative. It was knocked down from the air by Ron's repelling spell, and the whole process took less than 10 seconds.Lockhart was so shocked that his slightly opened mouth didn't close for half a minute.If it weren't for the fact that most of his classmates had the same expression, he would definitely be found out of his composure.After regaining his senses, Lockhart immediately turned his head to look at Ron's position:    What are you doing... oh?
   It turned out that Ron had already been lying on the ground at some point. When Lockhart turned his head, heGrinning his teeth, he tried to sit up from the ground.Lockhart hurried to pull him up.Ron accepted his kindness, stood up and patted the ashes on his body
   My wand...was broken by the Whomping Willow.
    He said sheepishly to Lockhart. 
   When I used the Knockback Charm just now, half of the spell bounced back.
   
   This is even more powerful.
    Lockhart wondered, 
   How can you accurately hit targets flying around in the air with a half-broken wand?
   
   How did you do it?
    Ron was a little confused, 
   Just...seeing where it flies, I felt that it would fly there, so I chanted a spell there.
   After hearing this answer, the students were even more dumbfounded.Lockhart was not much better:    In other words, you guessed where the little bug will fly to next moment just by predicting?
   Ron nodded as a matter of course:    Because it can only fly forward, and it won't turn more than two turns in a row, just look at it.
   This special talent left Lockhart speechless for a while.Just as Harry Potter inherited the 
   agility
    talent of the Potter family and Seamus was born sensitive to explosions; the Weasley family is also unique in vision and prediction.Whether it's Charlie, the twin brothers, Ron, or Ginny, the whole family is almost an excellent Quidditch player, and using this talent in spell confrontation means that the accuracy of casting spells and the ability to predict are astonishingly high.In 
   Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows
   , Ron's talent has been demonstrated many times, and unlike Harry who needs a big move to avoid the spell, he only needs a slight dodge to dodge every time. A spell cast at him.
   It's wonderful.
    Lockhart praised without hesitation, 
   You shouldGoing to the Quidditch team to compete for the position of goalkeeper or seeker, if not immediately replace the existing players, at least it is an important substitute. 
   
   I will.
    Ron was overjoyed, this was the first time he got affirmation from the professor.Lockhart fulfilled his promise, not only gave Ron 10 points, but also stuffed a large handful of sizzling bee candies ordered from Honeydukes into his hands.As for the sad bug honey candy, Lockhart didn't forget either, and he also delivered the candy to Neville and the others as promised.
   You don't need to eat it in class, that's a joke.
    Lockhart smiled and comforted, 
   You can eat it after you go back to the dormitory, except for the fact that it will make you cry for 3 minutes, its taste is actually not bad good.
   
   I'm so stupid,
    Neville said despondently, 
   I'd better just eat here, I deserve it.
   
   Nonsense.
    Lockhart retorted, 
   You just don't have the talent for this. There will always be a thing in this world that only you can do is the most suitable thing.
   To prove that he really thought so, Lockhart raised his hand, motioning for everyone to approach.
   If someone feels that their performance today is not satisfactory, it is a very normal thing. Because people's talents are inherently diverse, and each has its own emphasisEven Dumbledore, the greatest wizard, still has something he can't fight.As for the seemingly powerful Voldemort (students from wizarding families stared wide-eyed), he is only good at coercion and coercion, and he is lackluster in other aspects. I bet he doesn't even understand the essence of power.So instead of saying that the world is mediocre, it is better to say that there are as many kinds of 
   strong
    people as there are in the world.And I, Gilderoy Lockhart, my task this year is to make your 
   strongJ——Find it out, don't doubt it, if you don't discover your strengths in the end, then the responsibility must be on me, not on you.get out of class is over now!The homework is an explanation of several methods of using AE magic to block the enemy's movement, as well as your personal understanding of dueling methods. The standard font size is five inches, and it is due in class on Friday. 
   Chapter 24 Transcribe a spellAfter Defense Against the Dark Arts get out of class was over, Harry, Ron and Hermione were going to go to the Quidditch pitch to reflect on the experience of the class just now.
   I thought I would teach how to duel directly like the sixth grade.
    Ron kept chewing candy, so that he was a little ambiguous when talking to Harry, 
   It turned out that I just taught a little trick, but I like it.
   
   Maybe it's just because we're only in second year?
    Harry speculated, 
   but it's kind of interesting, isn't it, Hermione?
   But then he found that Hermione was staring at Ron with an almost hostile look, and Ron himself was still unaware.Seeing Hermione staring at him, Ron took out two more candies from his pocket:   Hermione, do you want candy? I still have a lot here.
   
   No!
    Hermione replied angrily.If it wasn't for Ron's sudden emergence, Hermione was the fastest in the class in catching the Billywig worm, and the chance to get the candy from Lockhart would be hers.She doesn't want to eat other people's 
   spoils
   .Harry quickly smoothed things over:    Didn't Professor Lockhart say that there will be other tests in the future? I think there will always be one that is most suitable for Hermione.
   But Hermione was still sullen:    But I originally planned to win all the firsts.
   Ron laughed loudly:    No way, I already won a first place! Oh, I suddenly remembered, and this is the first first place in my life... Hermione, you are right, this He's an excellent professor, and I think I'm starting to like him.Hermione responded sharply:    It doesn't depend on whether Professor Lockhart is good or not.For your comment, I bet you don't even know how powerful the protective shield he used in class. 
   
   I don't really know that, but I know I'm No. 1 right now, not even the 'Best Witch of the Decade' is as good as me. 
   Ron's series of speeches without emotional intelligence immediately met with hostility from Hermione - she didn't want to accompany Ron to the Quidditch pitch for 
   trial training
   .Brother Zhi, you have a nice afternoon. ’ she said, ‘I’m going to the library.After that, she walked towards the main building of the castle without looking back.
   You too.
    Ron waved at her back, 
   It would be even better if you could finish your homework.
   Looking back, Ron started to greet Harry again:    Let's go too, they have three chasers, but only one goalkeeper, Wood, there must be a lack of people during training...Listen, you have to help me , buddies, even for the sake of me playing with you during the summer vacation...
   Harry was a little uneasy.Years of observing words and demeanor at the Dursleys' house had taught him that it's not a good thing to provoke people for no reason, especially when you have something to ask for.
   I don't think she'll be borrowing our homework by the end of this month,
    Harry lamented.Hermione came to the library angrily with her homework, and swore to herself that no matter how much Harry and Ron begged herself, she would never lend them any more homework and notes to copy this semester.Then she found someone there, someone she hadn't expected.
   Professor Lolo Lockhart!
    She stammered, 
   Why are you hereinside? 
   Seeing Lockhart looking at her in surprise, she realized that something was wrong with her words
   I don't mean that, I mean, you should have...
   
   The Hogwarts collection cannot be read in seven years.
    Lockhart answered her question.Hermione was right when she thought about it—even if she could finish reading one book in a day, it would only take two thousand days after seven years of summer vacation, and the Hogwarts collection was more than two thousand.
   You're right, but I thought—
   
   Don't forget, there are some books that I couldn't borrow when I was a student.
    Lockhart winked at her again.He was referring to the Restricted Section.
   
   
Chapter 14   
   
   Hermione started to get excited:    That's right! There are some books I've been wanting to readborrow!For example, 
   Book of Spells
   , 
   Powerful Potion
   , and a book that is said to record the classics of the 17th century...
   Seeing that she was turning into a captive again, Lockhart hastily put down the book in his hand, made a silent gesture, and pointed to the librarian who was staring at them, Mrs. Pince.Only then did Hermione realize that her voice just now was really too loud, and it had already aroused dissatisfaction from the people around her.She stuck out her tongue embarrassingly, then lowered her voice.
   I don't know if I can sit here. If you have any questions, you can ask for advice at any time.
    She pointed to the seat next to Lockhart expectantly and asked.Lockhart nodded, indicating yes.Hermione sat down happily, and then took out her homework, ready to finish it right here.In order to avoid trouble, Lockhart decided to put the ugly words up front.He also lowered his voice and leaned into Hermione's ear:    Let me tell you in advance, if it's an assignment for Transfiguration class, please forgive me for being powerless. Transfiguration is my worst subject. After returning to Hogwarts, I Don't even dare to talk to Professor McGonagall, otherwise she will definitely criticize me.
   Seeing him suddenly so close to her, Hermione's face was already flushed red.
   Really? But I remember...
    Hermione murmured under her breath, but couldn't get it out of her mouth.She remembered that in Lockhart's autobiography 
   Traveling with Vampires
   , Lockhart cast a very complicated human body transformation spell on a real vampire, and since then made the vampire 
   eat only carrots
   One must know that the ability of vampires to resist magic is far superior to that of ordinary people. If Lockhart was able to successfully perform transformation at that time, then his level of transformation is obviously not low.But looking at the way Lockhart said 
   I'm not good at shapeshifting
   , it doesn't look like he's joking...Relying on her outstanding logical reasoning ability and the basis of the above inferences, Hermione deduced such a set of things in her mind:Known: Professor Lockhart's level of Transfiguration is very high, and he is the worst at Transfiguration;Reasoning: That is to say, Professor Lockhart's spells, defense against the dark arts, potions, and herbal medicines are higher than Transfiguration;Conclusion: Professor Lockhart is a genius!And very humble!By the way, under the blessing of the aura of    Lockhart
   , the option 
   Is it possible that he is lying
    did not even appear in Hermione's brain circuit at allOf course Lockhart did not expect that he had already said that, and the person next to him could stillMade up so many things in my mind.If you let him know, he will only say with emotion that the saying 
   smart people are sometimes better at deceiving than fools
    is indeed true.For him now, apart from the necessary spell training time every day, the most important thing is to come to the library and copy some spells that suit him.Especially the 
   Book of Spells
    that Hermione had just mentioned - it was the one that Lockhart was borrowing now.Chapter 25 Book of Spells
   Book of Spells
    can be said to be the master of all practical spells discovered by wizards from the time the magic world appeared to the end of the 20th century, and its status in the magic world can be said to be supreme.It has been published for more than 200 years, and the latest edition is compiled by Miranda Goshack, a magic textbook writer, and has been translated into 72 languages ​​including goblin language and mermaid language. This also shows how much people in the wizarding world attach importance to this book.Hogwarts spell textbooks for grades [-] to [-], 
   Standard Magic On
   , are all part of the 
   Book of Spells
   , and the content is often abridged, considering that some of the spells may not be suitable for young people to learn.What's more interesting is that Lockhart discovered that in addition to the spells edited by Miranda Goshawk in the 
   Book of Spells
   , there are many practical new spells in the corners that were only discovered in recent years.If you look carefully, these new spells are all handwritten, and many of the handwriting is still very immature, and some of the spells have their own names written under them, which are obviously done by the top students of Hogwarts over the years—they are afraid It's all done for the sake of becoming famous.You know, like the young Snape, there are very few wizards who can invent a new spell from scratch. Even the new magic experiment department of the Ministry of Magic has received a lot of applications for new spell experiments in the past year. less than 30.All in all, this book is very valuable.After Lockhart discovered this thing, of course he had to make good use of it. He almost swept over the spells one by one, even the handwritten ones of those students. If you don't need it for a while, you must first write down the casting method of that spell, and save it for later training with Man Iman.And what he did was also remembered by the little witch next to him who was secretly peeking at him for two years while doing homework:Sure enough, those who can succeed are not without reason.Seize all available time to study, this is the only way to success.When Hermione left the library, Lockhart said goodbye to Hermione very politely   If you have any banned books you want to borrow, just come to me. I know too well what it feels like to have a book you want to read but not be able to read it.
   Hermione was overjoyed - she was not only happy that she had a book to read, but more importantly, she had a reason to go to the office to find Lockhart.
   Professor, will you come to the library often in the future?
    she asked.
   Of course.
    Lockhart replied as a matter of course, 
   Why give up such a good opportunity?
   After hearing this affirmative answer, Hermione clenched her fists secretly.——From today, I will live in the library!Seeing that Hermione finally left, Lockhart was finally able to continue reading the borrowed bookBecause it was the first day, although Lockhart was a little busy with schoolwork, he didn't have to correct students' homework, and the curfew on students was not in effect for him as a professor, so he had a lot of time at night to do own business,During the year he was in charge at Hogwarts, he had one thing he had to do-that was to go to the Room of Requirement, get out the Ravenclaw diadem that Voldemort hid there, and then try to destroy the diadem in it. Voldemort's soul.This matter is of great significance, because it is Lockhart's 
   nomination certificate
    handed over to Dumbledore's teamIt would be foolish to stand on the side of the pure-blood family, which now seems to be fiveRen Liu's run-down nobles will soon lose power.After the Battle of Hogwarts, the Death Eaters who followed Voldemort either died or were liquidated. Even if they were not sent to Azkaban Prison for the rest of their lives, their families would be severely damaged. Even Draco Malfoy expressed 
   sorry
   To Lockhart, if it weren't for Narcissa Malfoy's words 
   (Harry) he's dead
   , maybe the Malfoy family would also be in a slump.As the saying goes, a gentleman does not stand under a wall, only a foolish politician would put his future on a wreck that was about to sink. If he wanted to gain support, Lockhart would definitely choose a member of the Order of the Phoenix.How wonderful the Order of the Phoenix is. Everyone is so pure in their minds. They are only united for the purpose of defeating Voldemort. Except for Kingsley, the rest of the people are generally not very interested in power. The glory of status, and the political rights and interests gained from defeating Voldemort all belong to oneself.But it is not so easy to gain the trust of the Order of the Phoenix. Only by destroying one of Voldemort's horcruxes can he make those people believe that he is a 
   comrade
    who is sincerely on their side, and thus has the right to seize the post-war results. power.The problem is that Lockhart, as a genuine Ravenclaw, must not use the fangs of the Slytherin Basilisk to solve the problem of the soul in the crown. .Gryffindor's sword 
   absorbs substances that can strengthen it
   , so it must absorb the venom of the basilisk before it can destroy the Horcrux. It is useless to borrow it now.As for using Fiercefire and the Killing Curse to destroy the crown, it is even worse. Although Voldemort did not apply too much protection magic to it, Ravenclaw's crown itself has several self-repairing and damage-preventing spells, and it is not easy to break it. What Lockhart can do nowNot to mention that it itself is of too great significance to Ravenclaw College. If Lockhart destroys it with Fiendfire and makes it known, even if Flitwick teachesIf the professor doesn't work hard with him, other Ravenclaw students will probably accuse him of having no sense of honor.In the same way, if he chooses to hand over the Horcrux to Dumbledore, then he will get too little benefit—because he can't explain how he knows the Horcrux, so he can only tell Dumbledore Said that he found Ravenclaw's diadem, and it seemed to have evil black magic attached to it-if he really did, then the act of handing in the diadem would lose the meaning of 
   voting a certificate
   .This can only allow him to get the honor of 
   discoverer
   , but it does not allow him to enter the inner circle of the Order of the Phoenix, so he has to find a way to destroy it by himself.The only thing that comforts him is that it doesn't have to be basilisk venom or Fiercefire to destroy a Horcrux, which, in the words of Hermione, found in 
   Most Poisonous Magic
   , 
   is destructive enough that the Horcrux cannot repair itself.
    things
    will do.He didn't want to leave a record with the librarian that he had borrowed 
   Toxic Magic
   , so he could only rummage through the 
   Book of Spells
   , trying to find some spells that he could use.—After turning it over, he really found out a few spells that might destroy Voldemort's soul without damaging the crown, but these spells are probably not much more dangerous than Fiendfire.For example, a medieval magic called 
   Summoning the Executioner
    can legally remove a soul—whether it is a living body or a dead body, but the price is that the person who releases the spell must sacrifice his own soul.As a standard egoist, Lockhart felt that even Voldemort's 1/7 soul value was far less than his one-hour lifespan, let alone his own soul, so of course he would not do this kind of 
   fool
   There is also a 
   Banshee's Howl
    that imitates the howling of a female ghost. It can slowly clear all nearby souls with a special sound, with a similar weathering effect, especially the souls without physical protection. Dissipates very quickly in the cryBut the problem is here, even if Lockhart can take the crown to the South Pole to release the Banshee's Howl, as the spell caster himself, Lockhart will also be affected by the Banshee's Howl, and this effect on the soul The sound cannot be solved by wearing earmuffs, and he instinctively rejects this behavior.In addition, there are 
   disintegration techniques
    that can decompose all inanimate objects, and 
   crushing gears
    that can permanently shatter all tangible objects. Lockhart believes that although they can indeed destroy Horcruxes, At the same time, it will also cause irreversible damage to the crown, so it is not within the scope of consideration.After reading these spells in the 
   Book of Spells
   , Lockhart could only feel that it was right to delete these things from the 
   Standard Spells
    textbook.Or, as usual, find a way to get the dementor to kiss Voldemort's soul?Chapter 26 Intense Class HoursAlthough Lockhart has been lamenting that nothing is perfect in this world, what he ignores or deliberately ignores is that he probably doesn't have enough ability to cast those spells.In this world, although there are many types of magic, without exception, they all require the 
   will power
    of the wizard, that is, a strong desire brought about by certain emotions.For example, the Patronus Charm requires people to think of happy or beautiful things before it can be cast.The Cruciatus Curse, on the other hand, requires a will to enjoy pleasure by hurting others to achieve its effect. The Killing Curse and the Imperius Curse are roughly similar.If there is no emotion, the effectiveness of the spell cannot be exerted. The effectiveness of the three unforgivable curses may not be as good as the stun spell.The reason why Lockhart is good at spiritual magic is largely because he likes to manipulate people's hearts, and he has a desire to stand out and make others admire him. Now Lockhart has one more thing, that is The idea of ​​letting the wizarding society operate within the rules set by him, so it is only natural that he is best at the magic of spiritual illusion.But what he gains is what he loses. As a civil servant, what he hates the most is uncertainty, change, and chaos. Therefore, his talent for transfiguration, which was not very high, has been exacerbated, and it has directly plummeted to a horrible level.After the hundredth attempt to turn the Gold Cup into Peppa Pig failed, Lockhart simply gave up on his Transfiguration-related efforts to focus on other things.So for a wizard, his personality, or the emotions he can often enter is the greatest 
   talent
   , not the amount of magic power.After Lockhart understood this, he didn't copy any of the spells that required Transfiguration skills, but made a lot of 
   interesting spells
    that might be usefulFor example, the necessary skills for a night tour of Hogwarts—Phantom PhantasmConsidering the next day's lessons, Lockhart did not choose to start the night tour immediately, but practiced spells in his dormitory.Disillusionment was not a difficult spell, he learned it in the blink of an eye.In the book of spells, invisibility is also divided into several levels, and illusions such as deceiving others' vision belong to a relatively low level.The advanced invisibility technique not only does not cause air blurring, but can also deceive other people's perception, even the air flow and smell can be blocked. These Lockhart decided to learn slowly in the futureSo in order to avoid attracting the attention of others, and to have a complete breakfast for himself, Lockhart used illusion to walk out of his bedroom.Relying on his phantom technique along the way, he successfully avoided some girls who were 
   ambushing
    outside the dormitory and was about to 
   encounter
    with him, and passed by Peeves, and faced the girl who obviously found himself. My cat, Mrs. Norris, has lost a small dried fish, buy it and shut up.Lockhart breathed a sigh of relief when he came to the auditorium and took his place.
   Not bad illusion, and I heard that your class yesterday was also impressive.
    Dumbledore suddenly appeared behind Lockhart.Lockhart was taken aback:    Good morning, Headmaster! I made you laugh, have you been following?
   
   Without tracking, whoever sees a small dried fish suddenly thrown in the air will follow curiously.
    Dumbledore answered his question.In other words, I still followed, and also used invisibility, maybe it was better than myselfmore advanced.But if he followed him, he followed him. Could it be that Lockhart could do something to him.
   How about a syrupy waffle, Headmaster.
    Lockhart remembered Dumbledore's fondness for sweets.
   Thank you.
    Dumbledore did not refuse, 
   Gidero, I heard about your courses... Do you feel that your classroom is a little smaller?
   Lockhart didn't know what he meant:    Of course there is, so in the second half of the semester, I plan to open the dueling part of the course next to the Forbidden Forest, or next to the Quidditch pitch.
   
   It doesn't have to be so troublesome, and the winter in the Scottish Highlands is not good, especially in the wild.
    Dumbledore said, 
   The halls of Hogwarts are empty most of the time, only when eating Someone.
   
   So?
    Lockhart asked tentatively.Dumbledore didn't make a fool of himself either:    So as long as it's not meal time, you can come to the auditorium for dueling courses in the morning, afternoon, and evening until nine o'clock. This place has been enchanted, so you don't have to worry about the students' spells causing damage. , and it doesn't let the spells fly around.I remember a long time ago, a school in Massachusetts in the United States lost an airplane because students cast a disappearing spell in the field, and it was only a few months later that people found this airliner in Armenia...
   
   Thank you, Headmaster, I should use it soon.
    Lockhart cut him off decisively.He knew Dumbledore's nature - as long as he was not talking about serious things in a serious situation, he would talk endlessly.Lockhart's class on the second day was still very intense—yesterday it was for the seventh, sixth, fifth, and second graders, and today it was Defense Against the Dark Arts for the third, fourth, and first graders, still six classes.Thinking that this kind of life would continue for a whole year in the future, Lockhart felt a little sad.despair.Fortunately, the seventh and fifth grades don't need him to bother too much. He can borrow the method from the Muggles and use multiple rounds of review + intensive brushing to solve teaching problems. In the sixth grade, he simply uses the method of teaching the police to teach duel confrontation , These are things that can be opportunistic.As for the third grade course, he only needs to 
   copy
    Professor Lupin's teaching method, and he can handle it with some dark creatures that are not very dangerous.He didn't have to catch the dark creatures himself, he could just buy them from the demon hunters—if money could solve the problem, then it wasn't a problem.As for the first grade, what Lockhart will teach them this year is also very simple, and that is to escape.
   Don't underestimate escape. In front of real dark wizards, even being able to escape successfully is a great achievement.
   Facing the new Guadanzi who just enrolled this year, Lockhart poured his thoughts into them to his heart's content.
   Now you have not undergone systematic training. Even if you successfully graduate from school in the future, you may not be able to take advantage of the confrontation with black wizards. After all, your future work is not to kill people. It is a professional level. The gap..oo Of course, there are not so many lunatics in this world who only think about killing people all day long.Seeing that the joke he made didn't make the little wizards laugh, but turned pale, Lockhart hastily added another sentence.
   And professional Aurors—you can be understood as the Muggle police—they can completely fight against those dark magic creatures and dark wizards. It's just that before we ask Aurors for help, we must first learn how to escape from their pursuit .Maybe you think that the so-called escape means running away, and I will tell you in the next - throughout the year - that you are wrong! 
   Chapter 27 comes from Lao Deng's voyeurismNow, say this mantra with me - Nebulus'丨”
   
   
Chapter 15   
   
   ■
   Mist and Misty!
    shouted the children at the table together.
   Very well, this incantation is not difficult. It has three syllables, the accent is in front, and the pronunciation is crisp. Now let's see its effect. It's misty!
   With the sound of Lockhart chanting a spell, clouds of mist quickly gushed out from the tip of his wand, covering the interior of the classroom.The little wizards were very surprised to see the cloud of mist gradually enveloping them, and their companions also disappeared into the cloud.And Lockhart's voice also came out of the mist:   
   That's it - it creates a cloud of fog around you, making it impossible for your enemies to tell where you are.The timing of using it also needs to be grasped-it is best to use it behind a cover, or after you have just avoided an enemy attack, so that the enemy can confuse your movements to the greatest extent. 
   As he spoke, he quietly walked around behind the students, and then suddenly put his hand on a student's shoulder.The little wizard sitting in the last row was stretching out his hand curiously, wanting to see how thick the cloud and mist really were, but he was so startled by Lockhart's sudden slap that he almost fell to the ground.
   Oh, oh, I'm sorry, Mr. Harper of Slytherin.
    Lockhart sincerely apologized, 
   But as you have seen, this magic can also mask the sound of people's footsteps, so it is very practical.
   
   Professor! But, but your voice is obviously from...
    Harper asked in surpriseLockhart waved his hand and used 
   Cloud and Mist Dispelling
    to dispel the cloud and mist he releasedJ~L
   Sounds can be deceiving, Mr. Harper, this is just a small phonogram. If I attacked you just now, no matter how many of you there are, you will only fall under my sneak attack.
   Only then did the students realize that the podium was already empty, and Lockhart had already stood behind them at some point.Under the awe-inspiring gazes of the students, Lockhart slowly walked up to the podium with a sense of 
   I've pretended to be it
   .
   I know that many of you come from wizarding families, and have heard of many profound and powerful spells. You may not look down on the 
   garbage
    of the Cloud and Mist Curse, but you have also seen that no matter how small the spell is, As long as it is used properly, it can exert no weaker effects than those powerful spells.On the contrary, even the so-called 
   Avada Gnaws a Big Melon
   , which is known as the head of the Unforgivable Curse, as long as it misses, it is no different from a leg-locking curse.My understanding of magic spells is like practicing swordsmanship - the truly exquisite swordsmanship is never a slashing and slashing, but after you practice Sanjiu in winter and Sanfu in summer, you will be able to do a job with ease and be beautiful and precise hit. 
   Without the demonstration just now, the pure-blood wizards of Lockhart would have scoffed at what he said, but now these little wizards must admit that no matter whether his ideas are correct or not, there is always some truth to what he said.Seeing that no one refuted his statement, Lockhart continued his lesson with satisfaction.
   If you have learned this spell, then the next time... let's play a game of hide-and-seek!Each lady or gentleman please find a classmate from a different college to initiate a challenge, answerAfter the response, everyone stood at both ends of the classroom and prepared for the competition.Before each game, I will distribute a stink bomb to each person, but this stink bomb cannot be thrown immediately, it must be thrown after I shout 
   the game starts
   , and the person who hits the opponent will be considered the winner.But before I call the game to start, you can freely cast the 
   Misty Cloud
    I just taught you to hide yourself, but this game is only allowed to use stink bombs and□□厶^If your opponent can't hide himself, or doesn't learn the spell just now, then he will be covered in stink bombs by his opponent after the game starts.For the victor, I will add 1 point to his college, and for the loser, no points will be deducted—but it was agreed in advance that after being hit by a stink bomb, you have to maintain this state until the end of get out of class, and I will clean it up for you clean. 
   After talking about his reward and punishment measures, Lockhart was very happy to see that the first-year students were all tensed up.Although the stink bomb is not poisonous, no one wants to finish the next few 10 minutes of class with the stench all over his body.Come down with my concubine, I will give you 10 minutes to practice the spell just now, and find your challenger... If you understand it, get ready to start! 
   Watching the little wizards start to practice the Cloud and Mist Curse nervously, a tabby cat outside the classroom door slowly left there.After walking about half a corridor, the cat suddenly transformed into an elderly woman.
   Albus, I think... we may have had some prejudice against this kid before, at least he's doing a good job.
   The old woman's voice seemed a little annoyed, obviously regretting something.And beside her, an old man with gray hair slowly appeared from the airThat person is the principal of this school.
   There are always surprises in life, Minerva. Some surprises are negative, but at the same time there are some surprises, and you can treat them as little desserts that life gives us.
   Professor McGonagall's expression looked a little stern:    Maybe, but it may have something to do with our original expectations being too low.
   
   Minerva, you have to understand me. The information everyone gets is one-sided, especially when the time is short. Apart from him, I can't find another person who is willing to take office.
   
   I'm glad you never said that to him directly.
   
   I didn't say it, but he might be able to realize that he's a Ravenclaw after all.Professor McGonagall frowned, and his pace slowed down:    That's strange, what is he doing for?
   Dumbledore showed a playful expression:    I don't know, but I'm waiting for him to come to me.
   
   Could it be last year again...
   
   Probably not, Mr. Ollivander told me that his new wand is silver oak wood and unicorn hair.
    Dumbledore told Professor McGonagall a new news.Professor McGonagall stopped in her tracks:    Albus, you know that I don't know much about alchemy.
   Dumbledore didn't sell it:    Silver wood was very popular in the 19th century. It is suitable for subtle and scheming wizards. It is very suitable for performing Legilimency and Divination magic, but it is very bad for casting harmful magic. : Because its owners are usually refined egoists, and it is generally believed that harming others is not the best way to maximize profits.The same is true for unicorn hair, which can more faithfully reflect magic spells cast with it.Reflecting the nature of the spell, it also makes the wizard less susceptible to external interference when casting the spell. It is very precise, but it is difficult to have extremely powerful magical power. At the same time, it is the most unsuitable for black magic among all the cores.    Professor McGonagall recalled Lockhart's lesson just now:    It seems...he was very comfortable with the new wand just now.
   
   Yes, I think so too.
   Dumbledore looked into the distance through the half-moon-shaped glasses lens.You still have to try it, otherwise you really can't feel at ease.Chapter 28 Being a member of Eagle AcademyLockhart's second day of teaching was still uneventful, at least he thought so.Teaching the first grade how to escape, I believe that no one has anything to say.And to conduct a talent test for the second grade and create a magic system for it, I believe no one will refuse.In the third grade, Lockhart will learn from Lupine and let them use the system built in the second grade to deal with some low-level magical creatures.Starting from the fourth grade, Lockhart will start to really teach students the basic concept of dueling, and after the sixth grade has learned apparation, Lockhart will start the serious 
   simulated death match
   , fifth grade and In the seventh grade, they are asked to review the questions and prepare for the exam.It was probably because the prefects were ordered to maintain order, so Lockhart's class basically did not suffer from a breakdown in discipline, which saved him a lot of worry.After the work is on the right track, the next step is to think of a way to start his own political club.What name should it be in?Six classes on Monday, six classes on Tuesday, five classes on Wednesday and five classes on Thursday...it was not until Friday that Lockhart was finally freed from the lesson preparation hell—because he only had two classes in the morning that day to go.Lockhart resolutely decided to put the time for approving homework on the next day, and went to Hogsmeade on Friday afternoon to find something that could improve his life, and then went to see Rosmer Tower by the way, so that he could have a good rest Night.But that afternoon, two groups of people entangled him.The first batch was the group of Muggle-born first-year students represented by Sam Mason and Colin Creevey.Since Lockhart's impressive visit to their family, their parents have come to trust Lockhart very much, even a little too much.So before departure, these Muggle parents took the trouble to tell their children to 
   consult Professor Lockhart for everything
    when they arrive at schoolNot only that, they also let the children bring many small gifts from the Muggle world to Lockhart, such as pipes, black tea, sherry, etc., saying that they were Lockhart's return gifts.To put it nicely, this is called connecting feelings.To put it bluntly, it's parents implying that Lockhart tends to take care of their children - don't think the British don't say that.Although these children from Muggle families are still young, they are relatively simple and far less worldly than their parents, but they do not know what to do under the precepts and deeds of their parents.At Hogwarts, they had just experienced a week of exciting magic learning, and at the same time, they also faintly felt the rejection from Slytherin, and the freshness or strangeness of the magic world gradually passed. When making further points.But the professors at Hogwarts—except for Professor Sprout, who is quite friendly, the rest of the professors are the type that children don’t seem to want to get in touch with, so the Muggle-born children discussed After a while, they decided to come and see Lockhart as a group.Lockhart would not refuse this approach - he had originally planned to build his own influence among the students, but now that the students offered to send them to their door, could he still refuse?He delayed his preparations to go to Hogsmeade, and took the time to receive these young wizards in the first grade, and greeted them well, and told themThey have some common sense in the wizarding world, as well as tips to make their college life more comfortable.
   ...Although charged things can't work in Hogwarts, some things, such as small objects that use clockwork or other energy storage methods, and things powered by diesel, gasoline, and chemical substances are no problem …By the way, Colin, this is what I call the magic potion, use it to develop photos, and the characters on them will move.In the end, these little wizards left the office with Professor Lockhart's teachings and pockets full of candy, and they planned to come back often in the future.After sending off the freshmen, Lockhart was approached by Ravenclaw's Quidditch team captain, Roger Davis.
   ... Gryffindor is a bunch of training freaks, and Hufflepuff is similar. Slytherin directly uses the authority of the headmaster to occupy the field. We can't occupy the field. Professor... I heard that you also played when you were in school.
    Passed the ball?
   Lockhart couldn't help but laugh—he played Quidditch?The Bludgers were chasing after him. It must have been rumors that these students had heard from somewhere, and they had listened to what Lockhart used to brag about in school.
   So I should approve a note allowing you to go and seize the pitch too?
    Lockhart asked.
   Actually, we don't need to fight for the court.
    Davis said hastily, 
   There is a small hill on the other side of the pier, and there is a flat open space on the back. Draw a few circles in the air.
   Lockhart recalled the place he was talking about:    But there seems to be part of the edge of the Forbidden Forest?
   
   So you need to approve the strip to ensure that it is safe there.
    Davis said quickly.Lockhart thought for a moment, and felt that this could help.
   I thought you'd go to Professor Flitwick first,
    he said.Roger Davies looked a little embarrassed, because he was really a little afraid to go to Professor Flitwick, even though Professor Flitwick was the most tempered of the Hogwarts staff.Although Roger Davis is also considered a good athlete, Ravenclaw can still suppress Hufflepuff in terms of record when Hufflepuff has an excellent Seeker Cedric Diggory For several years, it relied on excellent tactical arrangements.But in other words, if the Ravenclaws had trained as hard as Hufflepuffs, they shouldn't be worse than Slytherins by now.Especially their captain Davis, he puts far more effort into winning the hearts of girls than Quidditch, so Flitwick has always been slightly critical of him.Lockhart was unaware of the connection, as Roger Davies was not a major character in the Harry Potter series.So unless you are a veteran Kazakhstan fan, probably few people really remember this guy.Davis' greatest achievement was at the Triwizard Tournament.The person in charge of the face value in HP - Fleur Delacour failed to invite Cedric, so she randomly picked one of the Hogwarts male licking dogs to be her dance partner, and the one she finally chose was It was Roger Davis.This guy was fascinated by Fleur, and he even went along with the other party's slander of Hogwarts, which shows that he doesn't have any sense of collective honor-if Lockhart still remembers this scene, he will definitely not still be so pleasant.
   Uh...Professor Flitwick is a bit busy,
    Davis said, 
   and the Dean is not good at Quidditch.
   Lockhart's face darkened.
   Then you should ask him for instructions first, this is the minimum respect.
    Lockhart insistedZhi said, 
   I can approve the paper for you, but the team affairs must be notified to the dean. This is the rule, regardless of whether he can or is willing to handle it.
   One of the things that Lockhart hated most about being a civil servant was overstretched hands from other departments.Although he is not a very conscientious person, when it comes to maintaining the operating norms of this system, Lockhart is still firmly on the side of 
   law and order
   .Davis seemed very embarrassed, because he thought that Lockhart was the same kind of person as him, so he could be opportunistic in this regard, but he did not expect that he was still defeated by Lockhart's insistence.Put on your makeup, Professor.I'm going to find the dean...
   Chapter 29 Dueling RivalsIn the end, Davis obediently followed Lockhart to find Flitwick and told him about the team's training.Professor Flitwick wasn't angry, he was still that nice guy.Although he criticized Davis for spending too much time on girls and too little on homework and Quidditch, he finally agreed to approve the note for them, and said that he wanted to find a chance to go there and give Cast some spells on that field.While they were talking, Lockhart glanced at the clockwork on Flitwick's desk and realized that the first years and the Quidditch team were taking up a lot of his time, and there was not enough time left for him to head to Hoag Maud, if he still wanted to go and do something.He has no choice but to choose a good person to do it to the end.
   I'm a Ravenclaw anyway.
    Lockhart volunteered, 
   I can go and have a look with them before the sun goes down.
   But Flitwick waved his hand, saying that this matter is not urgent.
   You can go there anytime, anyway, they never train on Friday night... Gildero, you just came over, I have something to talk to you about.
   
   What's the matter, Dean?
    Lockhart showed enough respect.Especially the one the Headmaster said, about you teaching dueling in Defense Against the Dark Arts class. 
   While talking, Flitwick turned his head to look at Davis.Roger Davis was also very tactful. Seeing Professor Flitwick looking at him, he offered to leave.During this time, Lockhart finally understood what Flitwick meant.
   
   
Chapter 16   
   
   
   Ah, I almost forgot that you were a duel champion when you were young!
    He exaggeratedly made a 
   suddenly enlightened
    expression, 
   I am wondering who should I invite to be my guiding guest, since you are willing, then It doesn't get any better than this...Professor Flitwick shook his head quickly:    I'm not the only one, Gilderoy, my courses are also very heavy, it's impossible to go and read them every day.
   
   What does 'not just you' mean?
    Lockhart didn't understand.
   That is to say, Professor Snape, Professor McGonagall and I, we will take turns to take a look at it.
    Flitwick pointed to himself and said, 
   I have no class on Tuesday afternoon, Professor Snape has no class on Thursday afternoon, McGonagall Professor Ge is on Monday, if you...
   
   Friday, which is today.
   
   So, then we just need to find another teacher on duty on Wednesday night.
    Professor Flitwick pondered for a while, 
   I'll ask Mrs. Hooch or Professor Kettleburn...
   
   Professor Kettleburn from the Magical Creatures class?
    Lockhart wondered, isn't Wu still in school for probation? 
   
   ...Oh, yes. But it doesn't matter. This is the 62nd time he has been on probation since he came to Hogwarts this year, and I heard that he plans to resign next year. Dumbledore is looking for a new teacher of magical creatures .”Lockhart felt that there were many flaws in his words, but it was a pity that he couldn't spit them out.I can just find the instructor for the third grade myself... I don’t know how to thank you for letting you bother so much about my affairs. ’ he said gratefully.Professor Flitwick did not take the credit:    You don't need to thank us, this is the headmaster's intention.
   Heart
   headmaster?
   
   The principal said, 'Since there are rare things that students are willing to take the initiative to learn, andThere's no harm yet, so why not let us try it?Never give up on changing just because reality is too ordinary'”
   Sounds like something Dumbledore could say,
    agreed Lockhart.
   I think so too, Gilderoy. The headmaster seems to take this matter very seriously. If all goes well, Hogwarts will add a new glorious tradition, which will undoubtedly add a lot to our Ravenclaws.
    .”Lockhart understood what Professor Flitwick said:    I will never shame Ravenclaw.
   Although it is not clear why Dumbledore took the initiative to cooperate with him to form a club, Lockhart felt that he could guess a little bit.No matter how much Lao Deng knew about his purpose, as long as he didn't interfere with him, Lockhart would be happy to pretend to be confused. Anyway, the two sides would talk again in the end.After hearing what Lockhart said, Professor Flitwick looked very happy.
   As long as you have this kind of thought!
    Flitwick jumped up and slapped Lockhart hard on the back ribs, 
   Professor Snape said that he would be willing to be your duel opponent and demonstrate to the students how to duel .”Lockhart's eyeballs almost popped out of his own eyes.
   Professor Snape! And me?
    he asked incredulously.
   Yes.
    Professor Flitwick said naturally, 
   Most of the students have only heard of duels. In the past ten years, even young wizards from pure-blood families have rarely been exposed to duels. You have to tell students that duels are what.
   Lockhart was about to collapse:    But, Dean, if the difference in strength is too big, it seems useless to demonstrate.
   Flitwick looked Lockhart up and down:    It's not a good habit to be too proud, Gilderoy, Professor Snape is very strong.
   I mean I'm weak!I was so weak in front of Snape that I stood with a big white gooseThe same as before Jack the Ripper - Lockhart almost shouted.Do you think I don't know how strong Snape is?Dumbledore chose him as the executor of his plan!The recognized No.1 under Voldemort among the Death Eaters!Don't look at Flitwick's undefeated duel champion when he was young, and his strength is indeed ridiculously strong, but in the 7+1 volumes of the book, the only time Flitwick was defeated was by Snape's sneak attack.The reason why I dare to teach duels and team fights to the fourth and sixth graders is nothing more than the police training manual I got from the Muggles, and various No.1 shooting games that became popular all over the world, what crossfire; what The bluffing concepts of assault, blasting, and snipers are all copied.Anyway, Lockhart thinks that the wand is biubiubiu, which is no different from a pistol (Harry: Ron, this thing is much better than a wand!? jpg), and all range magic is nothing more than a little more advanced grenade and flashbang , the situation is different but the reason is the same, if it is combined with some practical spells, it is a proper wizard fighting method.[Picture: original picture]But can such an approach really defeat Snape?A sharp blade swung over without a shadow. Given that Lockhart has just recovered a little bit of magic power, I'm afraid that no amount of protection can protect his handsome face—maybe Snape will delay the use of white essence , leaving scars on purpose.Wait... So far, there shouldn't be any serious hatred between me and Snape, right?It seems that in the original book, Snape hated Lockhart like that, and it was solved with just a    mangyu you bastard
    in the ring, no matter what happens now... I hope so.
   Ravenclaw can fail, but every failure should increase our knowledge.
    Lockhart said solemnly to Flitwick.
   That's right,
    Flitwick agreed.Chapter 30 LabantaiAlthough Lockhart collected the students' homework before class on Thursday and Friday, he hadn't come to look at it urgently.On weekends, he has to take a day out to correct homework, and at night he has to reply to letters from readers.I almost forgot that the famous savior will come to do school work.In this way, if he wanted to go to Hogsmeade, he could only use Sunday.But on Monday he has class again... So this Sunday night, he is doomed to stay overnight at the Three Broomsticks, what a tragedy.While grading the students' homework, Lockhart was thinking about the 
   demonstration duel
    with Snape, and unknowingly missed the lunch time until the Hogwarts house elf came to knock on the door Only then did he realize that he was too preoccupiedWhat fascinated him was the students' homework, especially the ones he gave 
   excellent
   .Like other professors, homework grades are also graded according to six grades:    Exceeding the table (), exceeding expectations (E), passing (A), poor (P), terrible (D), and trolls (T)
    .In fact, there are only a few assignments that can be rated as 
   off the charts
    by Lockhart, and there are only three that he singles out.One of them was in the second grade, and the other two were in the fourth grade. What the rest of the students could achieve was already the result of Lockhart's face.For example, in the first grade, the homework essays are basically talking about the magic that helps them escape.Those who can think of using the cloud spell to confuse the line of sight and throw the spell in reverse to escape, Lockhart usually gives a pass; those who think of playing bait to attract the enemy's attention, LockhartHart would give an E.Lockhart will only give a 9
    to those who both consider covering up their whereabouts and sending out a distress signal, and finally use various means to delay the time.
   ——Well, you don't really think that you can escape from dark wizards and magical creatures by learning the Cloud Mist Curse, do you?If you don't send a distress signal, you will still be caught sooner or later.Similarly, when the second graders were still writing spells for various titles, Hermione had already realized the coordination problem of different wizards.
   Every wizard has his own strengths and weaknesses. This means that in a cooperative battle, it is the best solution for everyone to use their strengths and make up for their weaknesses...
   Of course, Lockhart had to give this kind of realization, and added a note inviting her to join his dueling club on the homework.If the expectations for Hermione were 
   come true
   , another wizard's paper surprised Lockhart too much.After two lessons in the first week, Hufflepuff's Cedric Diggory was the first to discover part of the dueling mysteries.
   Duel is not a plane, but a three-dimensional space like Quidditch. In the past, duels emphasized too much on the speed and accuracy of shots, as well as the power and type of spells, but ignored the importance of space utilization and effective spell output. .and now we will rediscover it under the guidance of Professor Lockhart (well written! says Lockhart)Whether it's the Stunning Curse, the Crushing Curse, the Cutting Curse or the Killing Curse, as long as it hits, one of the enemies can be rendered incapacitated.On the contrary, as long as it is not a sneak attack or one party is careless, it is rare for a wizard duel to be directly overwhelmed by a spell.Therefore, the cognition of spatial positioning and the frequency of casting effective spells will directly determine the outcome of the battle.Especially in group combat, it squeezes the opponent's room for movement...
   Seeing this, Lockhart gave Cedric Diggory one without hesitation, and attached a comment, saying that the reason for giving him this grade was because he could only give such a score at the highest.A talent like this will shine everywhere. Cedric Diggory is worthy of the name of a true Hogwarts warrior. He has already made his mark in the fourth year. It must be a matter of time before he shines.Lockhart really has a heart for talents—not to mention the awareness of being a 
   united front
    as a politician, but even from the perspective of a teacher, it is difficult for him not to have a good impression of such students.Lockhart immediately wrote a letter to the Ministry of Magic after eating the lunch brought by the house-elf, and the recipient of the letter was Mr. Amos Diggory of the Department of Control and Management of Fantastic Beasts.Although he only chatted with the future colleagues of the Department of Magical Disasters for a short time, Lockhart has already cleverly found out the situation of many people in the Ministry of Magic through his speech skills. Except for the Department of Mysteries, it is really difficult for him to inquire. Except for the rest, he has a general understanding of the rest.Sometimes he would even think that with the Ministry of Magic's defenseless and defenseless defenses, there is no need for Voldemort and the Death Eaters to use the Imperius Curse at all. If the government of the Muggle world is like this, then From the inside out, I fear that all employees will be the enemy's spies.In the Ministry of Magic, Mr. Diggory can be said to be a well-known love child madman. He brags to his colleagues all day long how good his son is. The amnestics have complained about it many times.If he knew that he also valued Cedric, Lockhart would gain another loyal ally in the Ministry of Magic.So Lockhart simply praised Cedric to the sky in the letter, exhausting all the compliments he could think of. Although the letter itself was sent in the name of 
   hoping that parents would allow their children to join their own club
   , the whole 80% of the content of this article is about Cedric.Lockhart wasn't afraid to be too nasty, because he knew Amos Digory would get his way.With these homework, Lockhart has a reason to want to form his own team.This year's fourth grade is full of talents - in addition to Cedric Diggory, the potential of the Weasley twins should not be underestimated. Also in Lockhart's search target.In the second grade, there is the Savior Iron Triangle plus Neville, and the rest can be let go for the time being, and they will be added later.Although there were no particularly outstanding talents among the third-year students, in order to take care of Ravenclaw, Lockhart stuffed Eddie Camille and Qiu Zhang into it.As for the first grade, it was the most—Lockhart put Ginny, Luna, and half of the students he recruited into the list.On the fifth grade side, for balance, he bit the bullet and stuffed two Slytherins in.And these two Slytherins are related to the old walrus, Professor Horace Slughorn.In view of the fact that Slughorn could still come out to fight in the final Battle of Hogwarts, Lockhart felt that the entire house should not be excluded, even if Slytherin's table before the final battle The front was indeed 
   empty
   .There is no way, this is politics - even for a little 
   bias
    of the pure-blood family, Lockhart has to dress himself up as a centrist.Chapter 31 Looking for someoneIt took Lockhart more than half a day to correct the homework of the seventh grade. When he finished correcting the homework and looked out the window, he found that it was already afternoon.He is a little hesitant now, whether it is better to take a nap or go out to blow some air.In order to bring him closer to Ravenclaw, Dumbledore kindly chose him a bedroom near the Ravenclaw tower.Although it is possible to overlook most of the castle, the Black Lake, and the Forbidden Forest here, but at night, the whistling wind and the sound of thunder and rain will keep him awake at night.The first night Lockhart came to Hogwarts, he had to apply a 
   close ear plug
    to himself before he fell asleep peacefully.But this is not a long-term solution, not to mention whether someone will sneak in while he is asleep, even if something happens at night, he, as the teacher of the Defense Against the Dark Arts class, sleeps soundly, it would be too embarrassing.It is precisely because of this that Lockhart can only force himself to get used to this environment, and sleep until he is too sleepy, and a rest at noon can make up for it.Although Lockhart felt a little sleepy at this time, after seeing the rare good weather outside the window, he decided to go for a walk, inspect the Ravenclaw team, and find out the referee of Wednesday's duel class by the way.After dismissing the girls who were ambushing around the office, Lockhart stepped out of the Hogwarts castle again after a long interval of one week, and walked towards the Forbidden Forest as soon as he left.His target was very clear, and that was Hagrid's hut.After coming to the fence of the cabin, Lockhart found that the chimney of the house was emitting smoke, and it was obvious that someone started a fire inside.
   Hagrid, are you there?
    he called out.Following a burst of clanging light and heavy footsteps, the door of the cabin opened, and a man who was two tall and shaped like a hill appeared at the door.Although the door of the wooden house was not too narrow, the man still seemed to be struggling when he went out, and the door frame creaked for a while.
   Lockhart! Why are you here?
    Hagrid looked a little surprised, 
   I thought you were thinking about how to show off in the castle again.
   He slammed the door shut casually, and the cabin shook visibly with the slap, which made Lockhart worried for a while.
   It's been so many years, even if I'm in the limelight, I won't use that clumsy method again.
    Lockhart replied half-truthfully, 
   Good afternoon: HagridHagrid answered him carelessly:    Good afternoon! Long time no see, little Lockhart. Speaking of which, you have graduated for ten years, and I'm still waiting for you to become the captain of the England Quidditch team!
   
   Ahem...
    Lockhart choked.Hagrid and Voldemort are in the same age group, older than Harry's parents, and Lockhart's generation is a little later than Harry's parents. Hagrid was a hunting ground when he was still in school. Guarded, so Hagrid remembered all the 
   rhetoric words
    he said when he was young.
   It seems that there is a little accident now...
    Lockhart said helplessly, 
   If I choose to play, I am destined to have no way to become an adventurer, let alone become the Minister of Magic.
   He was not afraid to expose his ambitions to Hagrid. Anyway, Hagrid was rough and hadn't dealt with many people, and he was one of Dumbledore's confidantes. Talking to him was almost like talking to Dumbledore himself. .Sure enough, Hagrid laughed.'So you haven't given up on 'being the youngest Minister for Magic' ah.If you ask me, no way, that big fool Fudge wants to tie the chair he's sitting on to his ass... Now that you're here, let's get in! 
   As he spoke, he stepped aside, motioning for Lockhart to go in first.This big man was as straightforward as the rumors said, and he said everything in person, which reassured Lockhart a lot. At least when dealing with such a person, you don't have to worry about him playing tricks on you.Lockhart sniffed around after entering the house:    Strange smell... What are you cooking?
   
   It's a slug. After you boil it, you can use it to neutralize dragon dung and grow those pumpkins. Putting it directly on dragon dung will burn the pumpkins.
    Hagrid answered casually.
   Where do so many slugs come from? Slugs without horns are not even medicinal materials, but not many people are willing to touch them.
   Hagrid pointed to a large copper basin in the corner:    Isn't it a coincidence? There was a student this morning—I don't know if you recognize him, the sixth child of the Weasley family—he had a problem with his wand, When I cast a slug spell on someone, the spell bounced back, and I vomited slugs all morning, so I just use it as waste.
   
   Has he got a new wand yet? That's going to be a big problem sooner or later.
   After a few gossips, Hagrid brought a large teapot for Lockhart, and poured thick-colored tea into it.
   Do you want more milk? I have milk from horned camels here.
   
   No, thank you.
    Lockhart said hastily, 
   Let's get down to business, I'm actually here to ask you two things.
   
   I knew you wouldn't come looking for something, so tell me, I'm listening.
    Hagrid didn't care.
   Then I will say, first thing, the Ravenclaw team is going to be on the other side of the river.A training field was opened on the back slope of the mountain.
   That piece of land is very good. It's a good place to play. You Ravenclaws do have a vision.
    Hagrid knew what he was talking about as soon as he heard it.
   It's just that the land is on the edge of the Forbidden Forest, so it might be a bit dangerous. Although they said they would ride a broom, there's no guarantee that Bludgers won't jump into the forest.
    Lockhart added.
   
   
Chapter 17   
   
   
   Nonsense, there won't be any danger there.
    Hagrid didn't think about it, 
   The centaur's territory isn't there, neither are the unicorns and giant spiders, there are only some shinker punks, thorns, and a group of people from South America. monkey frogs and a litter of cute little wolf cubs.
   
   ...It seems that our definition of 
   dangerous
    is not the same. I don't want to argue. Anyway, I ask you to help me and keep them out of the woods, although I think they are all smart people. 
    Lockhart shook his head slightly.
   Second thing, I'm going to start a dueling club. Are you interested in coming to the auditorium every Wednesday night to be a referee?
   Hagrid obviously didn't expect him to make this request:    Referee? Me?
    Ty, I believe the students' spells shouldn't hurt you. 
   Hagrid shook his head again and again:    I can't do that, I'll screw it up.
   
   How can it be messed up, the rules have been set. If I am really worried, I will talk to the student president and the prefects, and they will help maintain order
   Well...but, why me? What can I do?
    Hagrid was puzzled.Lockhart smiled:    You don't need to do anything, you even need to stand there for a while, and then show your ability to resist magic, and those little wizards can only obey obediently. As for why... I don't think you can live forever They're just gamekeepers, Hagrid.Chapter 32 Harry's stay in school laborHagrid didn't immediately agree to Lockhart's request, only saying that he had to think again.Lockhart knew that he still had a layer of psychological barrier called 
   I'm still a criminal
   , so he didn't force it. Instead, he left a large bucket of three broomsticks of mead as a gift before leaving.
   Think about it, Hagrid.
    Lockhart said to him as he left, 
   You are someone I have always liked since I was in school. I don't think you should just hang around here. Dumbledore must be the same want.
   It can be seen that this sentence really touched him.After Lockhart came out, he went to the venue to take a look at Ravenclaw's training. When he found that they were practicing Pokov's lure technique, he went over and asked why they didn't use Ravenclaw's traditional eagle-headed triangle offensive tactics.Davies answered him with an exaggerated facial expression—because Slytherin had replaced seven Nimbus 2001s, and now they could only see afterimages when they flew through the air.
   I really don't know why they do this.
    Davis said in a puzzled tone, 
   It's just a game. They are willing to spend so much gold. I'd rather use the money to hold a ball or travel around the world.
    .”Most of the rest of the Ravenclaw players also agreed.This is the Eagle Academy—although the people in this academy undoubtedly have superhuman intelligence, but in addition to intelligence, their sense of pragmatism is also extraordinary, and it is difficult for you to stuff anything other than knowledge and exploration into it. In their minds, such as collective spirit.To put it nicely, this is called independence and free spirit, but to put it bluntly, it is extreme self-interest.It's like the guy who the DA (Defense Association) betrayed Harry's gang, bothNot the most annoying Zacharias Smith, or Ron's suspicious Michael Kona, but Cho Chang's best friend, Ravenclaw's Exmo, just because her family is in the Ministry of Magic. work, and her family didn't want to upset Fudge.Another example is the final battle of Hogwarts: Hufflepuff and Gryffindor both left many people to fight, but Ravenclaw left only a handful of people.You must know that the reason why Slytherin didn't keep anyone was because their relatives were basically on the side of the Death Eaters. It was already the greatest kindness for them not to help the Death Eaters attack Hogwarts.But to say that the degree of their internal unity may be above Gryffindor.Such a result is too ironic for Ravenclaw, who claims to be smart. They should be the smartest group of people, but in the end they did the stupidest stupid thing. They turned into a bunch of cynics.   There will always be smart people in this world.
    Lockhart sighed, 
   It's just that if a person wants to gain glory and brilliance, he must do some stupid things in his life. Otherwise, being smart will always be just being smart. That's what I figured out after so many years of ups and downs.
   Seeing the puzzled expressions of the players, Lockhart didn't explain much, put down the windproof glasses and chocolates and other condolences he brought, and left there.Different people have different ways to deal with them, and the best way to deal with egoists is to cut down on the nonsense and just make deals.Because they are too shrewd, it is best for the relationship to stay at the level of teacher-student relationship, and there is no need to go any further.Just like the owls in the Hogwarts owl shed, no matter how much they are fed, they can only be used to deliver letters.After dinner, Lockhart folded all the letters from readers he had accumulated for a long time, and waited for Harry Potter to come.To be honest, it feels good to ask the savior to write the envelope for me.But Harry obviously didn't like this kind of work, so he didn't knock on the door until 59:[-], even though he was staying in school for labor starting at [-]:[-] p.m.Lockhart opened the door for him:    Good night, Mr. Potter! I hope you are not too full, because there are more than 200 letters to answer tonight, and we have to use a lot of brains
   More than 200?
    Harry asked desperately.He had a pretty good impression of Lockhart before. On the one hand, it was because Lockhart rescued the two of them from under the Whomping Willow; Min murmured for a long time 
   This is not a punishment at all, if it is a punishment, I would rather be the one who is punished
   , so he somewhat had unrealistic expectations.But now Lockhart personally destroyed his little luxury.—Even if you don’t use your brain to read a letter from a reader, it will take at least a minute or two to read it. If you add the time to write the letter, it will also take a minute or two.So here comes the question, if two people answer 3 letters and each letter takes 5-[-] minutes to answer, how many hours will it take in total?Just as Harry was about to ask if there was 
   some format
    for the reply, Lockhart added.
   Each letter must be answered seriously.
    He said seriously.Harry suddenly felt that this Saturday night was going to be all over him.Dyke's, Prof. replied Harry dryly, 
   but I'm... totally inexperienced and don't know how to reply.
    
   Cooked  vent evil burden  a Sheng Mei Fu Fu Wu climbing spasm steep  look forward to the foundation!Don't QianTorao chrysanthemum and chrysanthemums, chrysanthemums, chrysanthemums, chrysanthemums, chrysanthemums, chrysanthemums, chrysanthemums, chrysanthemums, chrysanthemums, chrysanthemums, chrysanthemums, and emperors.All you need is patience and the process of being familiar with it, and the rest of the work will only be discovered after you do it. 
   
   Really?
    Harry asked dryly.He was a student, and he was being punished now, so no matter how unreasonable Lockhart's request was, he could only obey.
   Of course.
    Lockhart's tone became more and more relaxed, 
   Every letter contains an emotion or appeal from the sender. As a person who has assumed the expectations of many people, you must learn how to deal with the consequences of your fame. Come to pay attention, it will be very helpful to you in the future.”Harry was annoyed hearing this.
   I'd rather not have them, I mean these expectations,
    he said.Lockhart countered:    Because you feel like you shouldn't have them?
   Harry answered him without hesitation:    Yeah! Well, of course I'm not saying it's bad to be famous, it's just that... unlike you, I never remember any of the things I did, or that they thought I did , but I have no impression of it myself, which is a strange feeling.”Halfway through Harry's speech, he suddenly remembered that Lockhart was also a famous person, so he quickly started to take back the words.
   It turns out that it is like this, of course it is better to work hard than to fly out of thin air.' Lockhart understood what he meant.
   Yeah, that's what I am, and I'm not really a big fan of the limelight.Harry was overjoyed to hear that someone understood him.
   It seems that there is a discrepancy between other people's expectations of you and your expectations of yourself, and of course you are not to blame.
    Lockhart said regretfully.
   And I probably don't live up to my name,
    Harry added.Lockhart said to himself that someone more deserving of the name might stand in front of you, but youdo not know.
   But it's a pity that there is no way to avoid staying in school for labor, even if I personally think it is justifiable. If you have made up your mind to avoid being exposed, then you should also learn from now how to be polite. Under the circumstances of rejecting other people's 
   curiosity excess
    probing. 
   Chapter 33 The Savior's Public Relations LessonWhether the 
   savior
    of Harry Potter is not worthy of its name is actually a point of view that is easily aroused.First of all, it must be confirmed that he is indeed very talented in Defense Against the Dark ArtsHe is agile and strong-willed, can resist the Imperius Curse, and has a unique knack for using small spells with relatively low power. Even among Aurors (magic detectives), he can be said to be a good hand.But other than that, his magic academic level is not high, and his magic power is not deep. Although his resistance ability is stronger than ordinary people, he is still at the level of a professional master, similar to Kingsley and Dawlish.His peak level may be able to compete with Bella, but he is completely suppressed by Snape, a real master who has already entered the master state. He probably can't beat McGonagall and Flitwick, let alone Dumbledore. Wizards like Lido, Greenwald, and Voldemort who have entered the legendary level are better than others.When Dumbledore took him to find the locket, what he said when he talked about why the boat could carry the two of them together was, 
   Compared with me, your magic is not worth mentioning.
   You know, Harry was more than 16 years old at that time, and he was going to be an adult soonIf 
   Harry Potter and the Cursed Child
    (stage play) is included in the official design, then Harry, who has grown up and experienced many battles, can't even defeat the underage child born to Voldemort and Bella. Daughter, the strength is evident.What's more, he doesn't have any special leadership charisma and courage, and he won't even be able to discipline his youngest son well in the future.But he is the 
   protagonist
   , so he can get the treatment of cheating, and the name of this cheating is 
   Love
   
   Let's look at the first letter from the reader first, Ms. Gladys, she is one of my admirers...
    Lockhart opened a letter and began to demonstrate to Harry.
   I've been trying to figure out why she's so fanatical, but you see, in this letter she offered to say that when she was young, she always wanted to be with the love she loved, to throw off all shackles, and travel around the world with only a magic wand , to explore the legendary secret land, whenever she reads my book, she will recall her original dream...
   
   And then?
    Harry asked curiously, 
   how did she get?
   
   I didn't go because I was too busy with work...sad adults.
    Lockhart's answer left Harry speechless for a moment.
   So you should know by now what to reply to her readers' letters,
    Lockhart revealed.
   ...know what?
    Harry was puzzled.Lockhart sighed in his heart - although compared with Ron and Hermione, this savior's EQ is not low, but due to the relationship between knowledge and upbringing, he may have to go further than Cedric improve.
   It's simple. When Ms. Gladys read my book, she began to assume that if she had really decided to go to the end of the world, she would have encountered as many strange things as I did—in other words, She used my words to satisfy her own 
   Phantom
    heart,
   Um... We're talking about replying letters, aren't we, sir?
    Harry still didn't understand.Lockhart had to make it clearer:    So our correct approach is to respond to the other party's expectations, saying that you readers will always be with me. More than half of my courage to explore the unknown comes from the readers who support me. I hope you Can continue to follow my travels and experiences.”
   But...she doesn't really support you at all.
   
   Maybe not now, but as a public figure, you shouldn't be cold-hearted to people who don't give you overt support. Whether you like it or not, you are now a public figure, Harry. Even if you don't like it, There are still many people who like this feeling, such as your little friend Ron, and me.
   
   Sorry, Professor.
    Harry apologized hastily.
   No, no, you don't need to apologize. I just want to explain a simple truth-since we have unintentionally become the embodiment of other people's dreams and courage, even if it is to make this world a better place, we should continue to maintain our characters,” Lockhart said.
   To make the world a better place?
    Harry repeated.
   Of course, this is both an honor and a responsibility. The power of role models is infinite, Harry.
   Harry sighed like a little adult:    But this will...not only be very tiring, but also make me feel overwhelmed: I don't know what to do to meet other people's expectations, and I'm not sure if I am can do it.   
   It depends on you. Before meeting other people's expectations, it is more important to think about what you want to do. You can like Quidditch, make friends, and talk about girlfriends. In fact, as long as there are no problems with right and wrong, then personal hobbies It is often harmless, and even positively promotes the image.
   At this moment, Lockhart fully fulfilled his duties as a 
   professor
   , and became an old man who taught the younger generation.
   Okay...let's start. You can slowly understand this truth in the reply. The quills on the table are automatic sketch pens, and the handwriting is also my handwriting. You only need to tell them roughly how to reply, and they will Will automatically write the right content - I bet many writers want such a pen.Although you don't need to strain your wrists to write a letter, you still need to think about it yourself, but you can use some routines in this regard.Letters from readers are usually divided into the following categories:One is fanatical fans. They write letters just to express admiration or belittle you, which is completely to vent their emotions.Usually, you don’t need to pay attention to him. At most, you can politely say thank you to your admirers and send back an autographed photo——I have a lot of those things.■The second is to ask you for some details out of curiosity after reading your deeds. I can go back and forth with you personally, you just need to pick it out;There is also a third type. Readers have already regarded you as a good teacher and helpful friend, so they will comment on some things in their own lives and even some social affairs, and then ask you for advice on this.You need to use a lot of brains to reply to this kind of letter, and try not to give a stupid answer. Even after replying to this kind of letter, I will hide it in my box for later use.The last type is very precious—they will give you valuable opinions, ask you to improve, and hope that you will become better. When you meet such readers, cherish them.    Harry was already dumbfounded:    So there are so many differences, sir, I'm a little worried...
   Lockhart made a helpless expression:    But you don't have to be too pessimistic, according to my experience, most of the letters are for venting emotions, just reply politely.
   Yes, sir.
    Hahe II looked at the table.Chapter 34 Snape's MenaceAlthough he didn't have to write it himself, Harry still used a lot of brains when thinking about these replies.No way, although as Lockhart said, it is true that the vast majority of readers are only here to express their fanatical admiration, but other letters are still not easy to answer.
   I'm going to give you the task of sorting these letters as I just said...you'll have to learn how to absorb public opinion,
    said Lockhart.In order to distinguish the truly valuable letters from the consulting letters, Harry really spent a lot of effort. It is unknown whether he learned anything in the end, but he knew that his brain was about to explode.Is it really only two hundred letters... maybe there are a thousand?Harry secretly made up his mind that no matter what he would do in the future, he would never be a 
   public figure
    and leave these things to people he likes to do.Like Professor Lockhart.Just when Harry was in a daze, there was a sudden knock on Lockhart's office door.
   Who is that, please?
    Lockhart called to the door.
   I, Snape, the color-changing potion you want.
    Snape's voice came from the door.After hearing this voice, Harry, who had been drowsy, shivered and suddenly woke up.Lockhart stood up and went to open the door for Snape.
   
   
Chapter 18   
   
   Sure enough, there was Snape outside the door, he was still dressed in black, his face was icy cold, and at the same time there was a T Gan Yin floating beside him.
   Oh, Severus, I didn't expect you to move so fast. I thought it wouldn't come out until tomorrow night.
   Lockhart stepped aside and invited Snape into his office.Hearing Lockhart's familiar address, the muscles on Snape's face twitched.He had no intention of entering Lockhart's office, but he accidentally spotted Harry Potter in the office, and immediately changed his mind.Harry raised his head immediately when he heard Snape coming, and concentrated on reading the letter from the reader in front of him, trying every means to reduce his sense of existence, but it was a pity that he failed in the end.It's just a color-changing potion, and it doesn't take half an hour.I added something to it to block the Eye Sickness Curse, the Arrow Curse and the Cutting Curse, but unfortunately I haven't been able to find the right people to try it... Ah, Mr. Potter, why are you here? ' asked Snape knowingly.At this moment, Harry really hated himself, why he didn't come to Hogwarts to study at all when the platform was blocked.——Of course, just thinking about it, he would rather be made things difficult by Snape than continue to get along with Uncle Vernon's family.
   I'm staying here to work.
    Harry replied dryly.
   Work? Why do I think you're just sitting and watching the quill move by itself?
    Snape sneered, 
   Professor Lockhart, I don't think this is punishment.
   Of course Lockhart wanted to smooth things over—both for Harry and for this inconsistent Professor Snape:    I personally think that the so-called detention labor is not about punishing the body, but about making students realize their mistakes. For example, how should a public figure respond to the expectations of the outside world...
   Hong Dan There are always some people in this world whose brain circuits are different from others, as long as theyIf the body cannot feel pain, neither can the mind. 
   Snape stared at Harry maliciously and said, 
   If you have prepared the materials for making contact lenses, why don't we find a student to try these jinxes on the spot and see if it works— — This is also to be responsible to the rest of the students, isn't it? 
   Harry immediately looked at Lockhart, expecting him to say a few words.
   Don't scare the children.
    Lockhart said immediately, 
   I agree to do the experiment first, but it's better to try it with ourselves first. If our Eye Spell and Cutting Curse can be blocked, then the student's will not have to use it.
    said.
   As he spoke, he opened his closet and took out his magic suitcase.After continuous transformation, although his suitcase does not have 7 layers like Moody's, it now has at least 4 layers, which can hold some things.
   I ordered this batch when I was preparing for lessons during the summer vacation. I didn't expect it to be delivered to me when the school started. The witcher named Geralt was a little slow—it might be because he was busy with his new girlfriend and spent too much time. long time.
   He pulled out a large can of lionfish meal, a large bottle of morning dew, and an 
   empty
    sheet.Harry noticed that when Lockhart took out 
   that thing
   , Lockhart - part of his body became invisible.Mang Jixingyi? ’ he blurted out.Snape let out a sneer.
   It's not yet.
    Lockhart kindly answered Harry's question, 
   It's the fur of the newly peeled invisible beast, which needs to be processed to become the invisibility cloak. The invisible beast not only has a certain ability to resist magic, but also can become invisible. , and has the ability of short-term prophecy, which is difficult to capture, so the Ministry of Magic classifies it as a 4X level, and if you are not a professional demon hunter, you may not be able to get these.
   This was the first time Harry knew this, even with Snape around, he stillSomewhat curious.
   ...Moreover, most invisibility cloaks are time-sensitive, and will lose their invisibility effect after a few years of use, so I usually prefer to use the illusion spell and deceiving perception to solve the problem of invisibility.
    Lockhart added another sentence.Mang Jixing clothing will also lose its effect? ' Harry blurted out.Lockhart answered his question:    Yes, except for the invisibility cloak in the Three Hallows, the rest of the invisibility cloaks will lose their effect within ten years.
   Harry wanted to say that his Invisibility Cloak was passed down to him by his father, and that it worked well after all these years, but Snape's presence made him shut up.He didn't want Snape to know that he had an Invisibility Cloak, and that he used it frequently for his nocturnal walks in the halls of Hogwarts.Also, what is the 
   Three Hallows
   ?Be sure to ask Hermione when you go back.Lockhart didn't seem to notice Harry's embarrassment, but went on to talk to Snape about business:Hagrid gave me some slug goo, and I'm going to dilute it with morning dew, coat it with your discoloration potion, and layer it with invisible beast fur and healing lionfish spine powder— —What do you think, Severus? asked Lockhart.Snape stared at the fur and fish spine powder, and seemed to be a little heartbroken—lion fish spine powder cost two Galleons for a small bottle, and the fur of invisible beasts was even more expensive. Lockhart's extravagance exceeded his expectations.   It's too wasteful. Isinglass and gum arabic can achieve a similar effect. If the student's spell can penetrate my potion, an extra layer of invisible beast fur is just icing on the cake...but it's your money, I don't care ’” Snape’s last words were duplicity.
   Then I'll do it first... Since when do you have time to serve as a referee? After I teach the students the basics of dueling, we'll try it.
   
   Anytime.
    Snape said, staring into Harry's face, 
   Mr Potter, you have to be careful, we're going to have some of the 'best' students come up to a duel and give a public demonstration to their classmates, I think De Mr. Racko Malfoy would be willing to partner with you. 
   Harry's throat moved, apparently swallowing.He knew from the scar on his head how 
   polite
    Malfoy would be to himPS Post two more chapters in the middle of the night and early in the morning. Although the grades are tepid, I still have to try to hit the rankings. Alas, I have never had a better grade in the early stage. How did they manage to get 3 characters and [-]..._( : [-]J B)—Chapter 35 No one else can hear the soundWith this little episode of Professor Snape's    refreshing
   , Harry became much more sober when he replied to the next letter.He planned to finish this stay in school well, try to win the favor of Professor Lockhart, and then ask two duel tips, so that he would not be defeated by Malfoy.With this realization, his efficiency in replying letters increased again, and he began to ask Lockhart proactively.Time passed bit by bit like this, but when it was almost midnight, a voice sounded quietly from nowhere.
   ...come here..let me tear you apart...
   Halfway through Harry's question he suddenly froze.
   Ooo tear you apart... kill you...
    the voice continued hoarsely.
   What?
    he asked loudly.Lockhart answered him: Io, I mean, you have to learn to take it in a joking way, like    take me a picture of your pecs
   , which is too much for a fan request, don't hurt your kindness, of course if you If you can accept it, it’s not that…”
   No! I mean the voice!
    Harry looked around.Lockhart raised his head:    Excuse me, what's that sound?
   
   That's the one - just said to kill, tear... Professor, didn't you hear?
    Harry asked confused.
   I didn't hear anything.
    Lockhart was a little surprised.Although Lockhart knew what Harry was talking about, his surprise wasn't feigned - could it be that Snape really didn't realize that Lucius Malfoy had stuffed something.Or did he not tell Dumbledore0... are impossible.Since it is unlikely, how could Dumbledore know what would happen?case... wait!Speaking of which, when Harry was in the first grade, the challenges they faced were too simple. 
   There is no mechanism that is completely designed according to the specialties of the Iron Triangle trio
   ? Is this guarding those items, or encouraging Students go on an adventure
   ?Moreover, Lao Deng specially let Harry see the Mirror of Erised before, and after confirming that his desire was just family affection, he let him know the principle of the Mirror of Erised, and finally threw it away as the final level. There are as many tell-tale signs as a cow's hair.In other words, even though Lao Deng knew that doing so would risk Voldemort getting in touch with the Philosopher's Stone, he still wanted to use this opportunity to train the Savior and his party.Lockhart could even imagine that when Old Deng was in the office, he must have often observed the Savior's every move with something like a crystal ball, thinking about how to continue to cultivate him. ,But this time, he seemed to want to risk the safety of the entire school's teachers and students?Or did he think he could control it?If Dumbledore is a villain who puts others to death and keeps himself out of it, then Lockhart will definitely scold him without saying a word, but he is the kind of person who doesn't even care about his own life for the sake of his ideals and career. people who care.In other words, Dumbledore is well aware of the sacrifices that will be made on the way to destroying Voldemort, and he is willing to fill this hole with human lives, including his own.How could Harry have imagined that the 
   professor
    in front of him could think of so many things in just a short moment, and quickly prepared a set of explanations.
   It's not usually a good thing in the wizarding world to hear voices that other people can't hear,
    Lockhart told Harry. 
   It's happened to you before.
   love?
   I don't know.
    Harry looked dazed, 
   I don't remember anything like this happening before.
   
   Then there are only four situations—the first is that the sound comes from within your own soul, so only you can hear it; the second is that the sound comes from the outside, but it is sent to a specific object, so No one else can hear it unless it’s your own voice; there’s the third one, that is, everyone can hear the voice, but others can’t understand it, only you can understand it; and then there’s the fourth one...
   Harry swallowed his saliva:    What's the fourth?
   
   The fourth is that you are too tired, child. It is almost midnight by the time, and it is normal for you to feel tired. People always have some illusions when they are in a daze.
    Lockhart pitied looking at him.
   But I'm clearly sober!
    Harry protested.
   Whether you're awake or not, you should go to bed now. It's too late today. It's my fault. I'll deal with the rest of the reply tomorrow.
   Lockhart looked at his own clockwork and gave an order decisively.Although he got a rest, Harry Potter didn't feel relaxed at all.When Ron entered the bedroom smelling of polish, Harry told him what had just happened.Ron Weasley's statement is exactly the same as Lockhart's.
   Hearing voices that others can't? That's not a good thing, especially when it comes to omens of death.I heard that some people call this 
   Death Whisper
   , which is rare. It is usually heard by people who have survived a catastrophe and escaped death once. When Death comes to take his life for the second time, in order to save face , and use prophetic dreams or whispers of death to inform him in advance...
   There was a giggle in Harry's heart—the Boy Who Lived, that must be me?Seeing that Harry was scared by himself, Ron hurriedly recalled the words:    Of course, as the professor said, there are also some other situations, such as hearing what the invisible goblin said... There are people of druid blood in your family ?
   
   What?
    Harry didn't understand.
   Druids, people who have a special affinity for natural creatures, only those with a pure heart can become Druids, and some Druids can even understand the language of animals—1—SFor example, Newt Scamander, the senior who graduated from Hufflepuff, magical creatures naturally like to go to his side, and everyone says he is the last druid of the 20th century. 
   
   I don't think I have that kind of talent.
    Harry shrugged. 
   I still can't understand what Hedwig is talking about. Except for talking to snakes, other animals can't do it. Well, I understand what's going on. Well, maybe I was too tired just now, just take a break...He thought it was over, but Ron Weasley grabbed him by the shoulder.
   What?
    Harry asked inexplicably.
   What did you just say, Harry? You can talk to snakes?
   Ron's expression suddenly became serious, so serious that Harry thought he was making a fuss.
   This should be normal, right? Talking to snakes shouldn't be a big deal. Many people in the magic world can do it.
   Ron quickly looked around, and after confirming that only the two of them were in the Gryffindor lounge at this time, he was slightly relieved.Crack down, Harry. 
   Ron became more nervous, 
   This ability is not unusual.can you be sureYou can talk to snakes. 
   Harry thought about it for a moment:    Okay, when I went to the zoo with my cousin Dudley, a Burmese python there told me that he had never been to Brazil...
   
   A boa constrictor telling you it's never been to Brazil? You still call it 'he'? 
   Ron let out an emotion of unknown meaning, 
   Harry, listen to me, don't let others know about this, or Gryffindor and Slytherin will both trouble you. 
   
   What's wrong?
    Harry asked in a panic.
   The ability to talk to snakes is called Parseltongue. It is the ability of the founder of Slytherin House, Salazar Slytherin. Usually only his descendants have this ability... Do you understand?
   At this moment, Harry turned pale.He suddenly remembered the time when the Sorting Hat tried to sort him into Slytherin when he was in the sorting ceremony.
   I see, I'll never tell anyone,
    Harry assured.Chapter 36 Congealed True NameAlthough the burden of lesson preparation in the second week has increased a lot due to the correction of homework, Lockhart's mental pressure has become easier because he has proved that his method works.In just one week, Lockhart's class has become the favorite class of Hogwarts students, bar none.This is not only because it is practical in this class, but also because Lockhart will always find ways to find out what they are best at and praise it.In the fourth grade class, Lockhart praised the always lawless Weasley brothers, because they can always complete the homework assigned by Lockhart in unexpected ways.
   ...Look at D, what a genius idea!
    Lockhart said, pointing to their homework, 
   How to cheat Veritaserum! And I swear on my reputation, this method absolutely works! This trick allows us to face Dark wizards can still lie during interrogation.
   Fred Weasley was a little proud that he had come up with the idea.Looking at the students who were still a little confused, Lockhart took the initiative to explain to them
   Using a Pet Sound Charm to force yourself to answer another irrelevant question—such as when the Dark Wizard gave you Veritaserum and asked 'was that the dung bomb that George threw at Mr. Filch's office? You can let your own owl ask yourself another question in your mind, such as whether V+1 is equal to 3', so that Fred can confidently answer 
   no'...
   The students suddenly realized that they could still play like this!Only George Weasley looked frustrated:    But I really didn't go to FilchThe office throws dung bombs. 
   
   Yeah, you threw it in his tool room.
    Li Qiaodan immediately answered the question, causing the classroom to roar with laughter.Lockhart was also laughing:    In short, 5 points for Gryffindor! For Mr. Weasley's contribution to resisting the dark arts!
   
   
   
Chapter 19   
   
   Fred stood up and pretended to give a deep salute to the booing students around him:    Thank you! Thank you everyone! I just made a small contributionEveryone burst into laughter again.When the laughter had almost stopped, Lockhart began to talk.
   Someone may have heard of it. I will hold a duel club in October. At that time, I will first invite some top students in Defense Against the Dark Arts to participate. After a month of testing, it will be open to the whole school.Mr. Weasley, would you two be willing to assist me? 
   Seeing Lockhart throwing an olive branch, the Weasley brothers were overjoyed.
   With pleasure.
    It was George - of course Lockhart wasn't sure who he was
   It's your duty!
    the other twin assured.But they immediately remembered something:    But Professor, is there a reward?
    Lockhart immediately answered him:    Of course.
   
   Can I know what that is? We'd be more motivated if we knew what the reward was,
    George exclaimed.His words immediately aroused a burst of echo.
    Even Cedric of Hufflepuff showed interest.Lockhart thought about it, and felt that this was a very reasonable request.
   Let's put it this way, I don't know if you have heard of such a saying, thenIt's 
   only the wrong name, but no wrong nickname
   ?The children from wizard families all nodded in agreement with this sentence.Hello Digen, have you ever thought about giving yourself a majestic nickname? asked Lockhart.The twins were immediately disappointed:    You don't mean to say that your reward is to allow us to give ourselves a nickname?
   If it's just this kind of reward, it's not a big deal.The duel itself was really interesting, but it's a pity that the final prize became tasteless instead./ another ten saidLockhart admitted it first, but after seeing the disappointed eyes of the students, he added:    But this nickname is not the kind of 
   nickname
    you guys are playing around with, it is a magical nickname, it is A nickname recognized by the world, which can only be cast after going through a profound magical ceremony, I call it 
   Congealed True Name
   Twins interest is back: Eight Condensed Real Names' What.We've never heard of it before.    
   No, I bet all of you here have heard of it.
    Lockhart categorically rejected their claims.
   No, I really haven't,
    insisted Fred.
   Me neither.
    George echoed, 
   Everyone, has any of you heard of■The students shook their heads.This time it was Lockhart's turn to be a little disappointed:    Really? Then, please read this real name with me - 
   Voldemort'
   
   V-
   The whole class just subconsciously wanted to follow along, but a tremor rising from the soulLi Rang and the others just started, but they couldn't continue reading.The whole class fell silent, and even Brother Weasley's smile became a little forced.Lockhart spread his hands:    Look, I told you, everyone has heard of this magic.
   Cedric Diggory was the first to recover from the shock:    So 'that name', was it a magic trick? 
   
   Yes. The mysterious man condensed this 
   real name
    when he was in school, and asked his companions one by one or his subordinates to spread this name, so as to strengthen the magic power of this 
   real name
   , and then let this magic power feed back to him own body.Later, everyone knew that he was committed to using this 
   real name
    to spread terror, so that everyone would shudder at the thought of this name, and this further strengthened the magic of this real name and himself. At that time, the principal hoped that everyone They all bravely called out this name, thereby weakening the magical power of the mysterious person, but unfortunately this effort failed.Later, after not many people dared to pronounce this name, the mysterious man cast a spell on his 
   real name
   . As long as someone dared to pronounce his real name, he could sense the location of that person, thus making Death Eater gangsters to arrest him. In this way, there will be fewer people who dare to read...
   Seeing that the faces of the students were not very good-looking, Lockhart smiled.
   I'm sorry to remind everyone here of a bad return, but my reward is this-as long as you show your own characteristics in the duel club, I will design a 
   real name
    for him based on this characteristic , you can choose whether to disclose it to your classmates.Although the magic of this real name must be far from that person's at first, it is at least a good start, isn't it? 
   Different from the slight hesitation of other students, the Weasley brothers are not afraid of getting into trouble.
   Cool! Professor,
    they yelled, 
   we want this!
    
   
   Then you have to win the duel first.Chapter 37 Curiosity ExcessThe reason why Lockhart chose to use the mouths of the little lions and the little cannons to spread this matter is of course his own ideas.The reason why Gryffindor was chosen is because they are the most troublesome.Although the Sorting Hat likes to sing about the advantages of the four colleges, it rarely mentions the other side of the students it chooses—for example, Gryffindor is brave and fearless, but at the same time, it has the potential to fear the chaos of the world .Not to mention the trio of the Iron Triangle, even Professor McGonagall, who is known for being serious and old-fashioned, showed the same expression as a child after he succeeded in a prank [-] 
   I've wanted to try this magic for a long time
   This is the Lion House—Gryffindor, the courage is supreme; our dean will become a cat.With their 
   help
   , Lockhart believed that the words about his 
   real name
    would get out quickly, and he could guarantee that it was absolutely untrue.At this time, the 
   spirit of seeking truth from facts
    of the hospital can be brought into play.The guys from the Lion Academy spoke so gaudyly that the students couldn't help but feel uneasy.But considering the 
   bad record
    of the Lion Academy, they will definitely have doubts while being excited.If they ask for a certificate at that time, they will most likely ask the people who went to the tumor hospital to clarify, because they have always said one thing, and their reputation is guaranteed.Sure enough, the rumors at the beginning were still true, saying that Lockhart was going to teach the students how to condense their real names, but within two days it turned out that he was going to teach the students a magic that could defeat Voldemort. of.And when the weekend came, 
   Lockhart was going to teach the students black magic in the club.
   The rumors have spread like wildfire, and there is a stance that they will not stop until Hogwarts is turned into Azkaban.Come on, Lockhart is not a NetEase pig farm, how could he teach Avada to eat big melons in the first year of school?In this regard, Lockhart himself can only 
   take the trouble
    to correct it in class.However, many senior students who like to amuse the lower graders are still irresponsibly spreading rumors, and more than a dozen versions of the rumors have been derived from this. It can only be said that these students are worse than Lockhart imagined. It's going to be more noisy.In the end, even Professor McGonagall was alarmed. She approached Lockhart during lunch and asked him what happened to 
   asking students to kill each other, and the last one alive will reward a black magic
   .Lockhart knew she was joking, but answered her seriously.
   That 'Condensed Real Name' is the result of research by the Spell Experimentation Committee, and they have put the most effort into the magic related to 
   that person
    in the past ten years. Gilbert Whymple told me; the magic left by that person is enough They studied for 100 years
   It's understandable... So, this is also one of their research results?
    Professor McGonagall.
   After all, not many people have dared to call that name so far, so they have to study it even if they don't want to. What can be confirmed at present is that 
   condensed real name
    is an enhanced version of 
   hint
   . Wizards can not only use it to imply themselves, but also use it. to hint at others.As long as the 
   title
    is more appropriate, it can be enhanced by giving up part of the magic of the subject and then exchanging another part of the magic, so I...
   
   So you gave up Transfiguration?
    Professor McGonagall suddenly shot a cold arrow.——How about a person's magic ability, in fact, can be determined from the big and small habits in his lifeIt can be seen that Lockhart obviously relies more on magic spells, and he has never recited the 
   sharp transformation
    spell.Lockhart was a little embarrassed:    It's not that I gave up completely, just... I know this is a great magic, and my talent is destined not to be in it.
   At this time, he was like a student who failed a certain exam. When he saw the teacher who taught him such a class, even though he knew that the responsibility might not be entirely his own, he still felt ashamed.
   Nothing, it was expected.
   As a transfiguration teacher with a lot of peaches and plums, Professor McGonagall seemed a little disappointed, but he still magnanimously expressed his understanding.Lockhart quickly changed the topic:    ...In addition, they also found that if the real name is too linked with the wizard himself, then the enemy may also cast a curse on him through the real name-but obviously no one has more magical power than the mysterious man Strong, and no one knows curses better than him, so he is a little unscrupulous.
   Professor McGonagall was thoughtful:    This is new news... I don't need to think about it, I also know which part of the magic that guy gave up. However, if you condense the real name for the students, what if someone casts a jinx on them in the future? 
   
   Abridged version.
    Lockhart quickly clarified, 
   It can only enhance self-suggestion, delete the part that hints at others, and students themselves can choose to destroy their real names at any time - the price is only two or three The magic power of the hour has collapsed, and it's just that I can't cast a spell. The people in the committee have tested it many times.
   
   It seems that you have thought it through, Gilderoy.
    Professor McGonagall finally agreed, 
   But now I am suddenly curious, what is the 
   real name 5
    you condensed for yourself? 
   Lockhart's smile widened, but his mouth closed tighter at the same time.Professor McGonagall understood:    ...Well, it seems that you are unwilling to say.
   
   Sometimes, being mysterious can make a man more manly.
    LockhartUnashamedly ripping off someone's quote, 
   Maybe when I'm newly married, I'll tell my wife that.
   Professor McGonagall did not expect that this young man would dare to tease him, after all, she is very old:    Do you have a girlfriend?
   
   ...There will be.
   
   Then I wish you to get out of the order as soon as possible... Also, don't attack the students.
    Professor McGonagall dropped a sentence lightly, and then left on his own.Judging from the direction she was leaving, it seemed that she was going to the principal's office.
   I won't.
    Lockhart continued to feast on the lamb on the plate.In this way, the matter of condensing the real name eventually spread throughout the school.Lockhart suddenly found that there were many more students who were serious about class.If they used to have a 
   fun
    attitude towards Defense Against the Dark Arts class, just like students treat physical education, then their attitude towards this course is at least after the physical education grade is incorporated into the entrance grade.Especially Hermione, in the fourth class on Friday, relying on her excellent confinement and freezing spells, she single-handedly captured 30 of the 22 Cornish elves released by Lockhart. Only.While winning 10 points for Gryffindor, he also won the membership of the Dueling Club for himself.
   Why is she working so hard?
    Harry whispered to Ron.Ron shrugged:    She said she must find out the professor's real name before anyone else. This topic is popular among girls.
   Chapter 38 Publicity is also a meansLockhart put down the spell book in front of him, looking a little helpless.
   I'd better borrow the book back to the office and read it,
    he said to Mrs. Pince. 
   I can't read it at all in this state.
   He was referring to the girls on the third floor and the third floor in the library who surrounded him tightly—in the past, if it wasn't for the end of the semester, there should not be more than 10 people in the library at this time.Since the news that he likes to go to the library has gradually spread, the number of girls who come to the library when they have nothing to do has suddenly increased, even on weekends.If Lockhart could gather so many people around him at other times, such as during classes or morning jogs by the Black Lake, he would be very happy, even happy.But now... Not to mention Professor McGonagall's warning, even Lockhart himself has no intention of being promiscuous.If he wanted to visit the flowers, he would have plenty of time after he went to the Ministry of Magic, but he could only stay at Hogwarts for one year, so he couldn't afford to lose it.Mrs. Pince glanced behind Lockhart—the girls were obviously not reading
   Although there are a few books that are not allowed to be borrowed according to the rules, but... if a master of magic wants to secretly take out two books, and put them back in the original place before I take stock of the books every Wednesday, I, a person who doesn't know much about magic, must I can't find it either.
    She made a rare opening.No way, she is also annoyed by these little girls who don't read books to defile her 
   temple
   , so naturally she wants to drive away the culprit who caused all this.Lockhart immediately understood:    No matter who takes the book, it is impossible to bring out Hogwarts.Ci's.After he left, the disappointed girls started chirping and accusing each other, and then they were kicked out by Mrs. Pince who had seen their displeasure earlier.With almost hostile eyes, Hermione watched the group of girls leave the libraryWhile doing homework, she angrily complained to her two little friends: Zhuang Ye didn't come to read books at all!Going to the library for impure purposes is too much!    
   Yeah, full of utilitarianism!
    Ron echoed, copying Hermione's transfiguration homework in a hurry.
   It's a sacred thing to get together because of common hobbies, but their performance has shamed that library!
    Hermione continued to speak impassionedlyRon nudged Harry, signaling that it was his turn.Harry said quickly:    That's right! Those books in the library will look down on them too.
   As he spoke, he pulled out the parchment of his Charms homework.In order to defeat the Slytherin team with all members riding 
   Nimbus 200T brooms, Gryffindor captain Oliver Wood has gone crazy recently, training the Gryffindor players like a masochist, haha Li dragged his heavy and exhausted body to the bed almost every day.It is precisely because of this that his homework is completely too late to do.He even once thought that he would definitely be doomed next week. If he hadn't taken advantage of Hermione's whining to copy his homework, he would definitely be deducted [-] points by the professors next week-Snape alone would deduct He is two hundred and five.Of course Hermione noticed the little tricks of the two partners, but if she didn't borrow them for homeworkIf they copied it, they would not listen to their own complaints at all, so they turned a blind eye.And the instigator who caused Hermione to complain was copying spells into his spellbook at the moment—after coming to Hogwarts for two weeks, he has gone further and further on the road of perfecting his spellbook .Just like the DND rule system, a running game that is popular all over the world, 
   knowledge is power
    is an eternal rule.The more spells you know, the stronger your overall strength will be.
   
   
Chapter 20   
   
   As long as you use the most suitable spells in the most suitable places, then high-level mages can always enjoy the desperate eyes from the DM—the 4-hour script I prepared for you was broken through by you in 20 minutes Yes, I still host a fart!Therefore, as long as Lockhart found it useful and he could learn all the spells, he memorized them all. As for how long it would take to practice them all, that would be a headache later on.After sorting out the pile of spells, Lockhart heaved a sigh of relief and decided to change his mindHe opened the letter his brother-in-law had written to him, and was pleased to see that things were indeed going according to his expectations.Due to the depletion of foreign exchange, the British Ministry of Finance can be said to have completely surrendered at this timeThey announced on September 9 that the exchange rate between the pound and the mark would be decoupled, and the Italian lira subsequently withdrew from the European exchange rate and became a floating exchange rate.After the exchange rate fluctuated, the value of the pound sterling, which had already been hit by international shorts, immediately began to fall wildly. After William used the Gringotts money as collateral, he joined the short side early and built a U.S. dollar building after selling the pound. Many positions are just beginning to be harvested at this time.In addition to Lockhart's hundreds of thousands of pounds turned into 300 million pounds, Gringotts also made a fortune from this transaction.Ragno is now urging William every day to turn his profits into gold and send them to Gringotts' vault.He knew very well that as long as this batch of treasury came into the account, his position in Gringotts would become unshakable, and all goblins had to add 
   respect
    in front of their titles when they saw him, and Not 
   eight-legged
   With this transaction, I believe that Lockhart will have a certain degree of trust with the goblin, and it will be much easier to do something in the future.With this feeling of 
   I'm going to be rich soon
   , Lockhart also had a sense of superiority when he taught the Slytherin students-the group of pure-blood nobles are just superficial, and some people's family Might not have as much money in Lockhart's coffers.Lockhart, who had no awareness of being an upstart at all, simply bought all the mead in the tavern when he went to Three Broomsticks on weekends, and then asked Rosmerta to take it out and let drinkers and passers-by drink it for free, making the night Rosmerta lay on his chest and asked him what medicine he had taken wrongly.
   Although I say that the money is not revealed, but I am going to do the opposite now.
    Lockhart said as he brushed her hair, 
   Do me a favor, no matter who asks, you should tell them that I just Made a lot of money from Muggles with the goblins at Gringotts.
   Even in the dim candlelight, Lockhart could still see Rosmerta raising his eyebrows.
   Why? Are you afraid that the dark wizard won't steal it? I want to warn you, be careful of Mrs. Zabini.
   
   Who is she?
    Lockhart asked. 
   Is she pretty?
   Rosmerta thumped his chest angrily:    It's not a matter of being beautiful or not! Mrs. Zabini has been married 6 times, and each husband left her a large inheritance. Recently, she married again. Well, I guess this one won't last more than two years...
   When she said that, Lockhart remembered too.It seems that there is a Slytherin named Blaise Zabini, who is also in the same grade as Harry Potter, and his mother is also a 
   black widow
   There is no way, even though many people know about Mrs. Zabini's past, there are still a group of half-blood wizards who are willing to marry her.This was not only because of her beauty, but also because they wanted to integrate into the circle of the pure-blood family, and they were naturally eaten alive by this black widow in the end.Judging from the fact that Blaise Zabini is a genuine pure-blood, and Mrs. L. Biney has never been prosecuted by the Wizengamot court, his mother is probably also a special one released by the pure-blood family. The purpose of the woman is to reap the wealth of the upstart mixed-blood wizards. After all, there are not many rich pure-blood families nowadays.Anyway, Lockhart didn't take it seriously at all.
   It can actually annoy you so much. It seems that she is indeed very attractive. Since little Rosmerta is so worried, then come and squeeze me dry, and don't let me have another chance to flirt with women.
   Rosmerta sat up and responded to his provocation:    Are you serious? I haven't even used half of my strength just now!
   Chapter 39 The 
   Gateway
    of Pure-Blood FamiliesThe painful two-day weekend taught Lockhart a truth, that is, never provoke an opponent when he feels that he has a big advantage, which will only force the opponent to go all out.After finishing his Monday morning class in a daze, Lockhart touched his waist and went to Snape's office.
   Severus, how much is the vitality tonic you prepared? Give me thirty... no, let's use a hundred bottles as a spare, and you can ask for whatever price you want.
   Steel 0 galleons per bottle. Without batting an eyelid, Snape said, 
   Delivery in two months.
    
   Lockhart's eyes widened—although he has money, he can't allow others to grab it casually.
   Are you kidding? I bought so much at once, you should give me a little cheaper?
   
   On the contrary, you want to force me to do such a boring thing, and do so much at once, of course you will have to pay more.
    Snape immediately retorted.
   Then what is the non-boring 0 enhancer 0 euphoria, or Felicia.
    Lockhart suddenly remembered something:    By the way, there is also Felicia, its self-suggestionThe effect is very obvious, please also configure ten bottles for me, I will pay a high price.
   I was a little happy when I heard you say 
   Qi Wo Hint
   , thinking that finally there is a guy who will not mistakenly think that it can really bring luck, but after hearing you say the number 
   ten bottles
   , I didn't realize there was no difference between you and them,
    Snape sneered.
   What? It's hard to get the materials? I'll help you buy them at a high price.
    Lockhart assumed the posture of a local tyrant.
   I suspect that if you fetched your sixth-year Potions textbook now, I'd find it as new as when I bought it.
    Snape sneered. There is one egg and one bird and snake eggshell, and the second one cannot be placed. If the two pots are too close, they will affect each other... Do you understand? That is to say, you can only make a maximum of one yu at a time, and boil it It takes half a year at a time, as long as there is a mistake in the middle, all previous efforts will be wasted.
   I failed the Advanced Potions class in sixth year. Lockhart admitted without shame, 
   It is impossible for a person to be good at everything, I have to make a trade-off, geniuses like you are rare. 
   
   Hmph.
    Snape ignored him.Although Snape's attitude was still bad, Lockhart could feel that his mood had improved a lot.Don't look at the dean of the Snake Academy who has a cold look most of the time, but in terms of vanity, Snape still has it.Not to mention the flattery from Malfoy and other students, he has always accepted it, and when Fudge proposed to award him the Order of Merlin, Snape's attitude became very attentive, and all kinds of requests for him to hold public office He has never refused the request - this man is by no means as indifferent to honor as he appears on the surface.
   Then let's get 5 bottles of tonics first, and I'll make the Felicia first, just put it on the fire and snuggle up, the price is easy to negotiate.
    Lockhart had to settle for the next best thing, 
   The thing I lack the most when traveling outside It’s just good potions, I finally returned to Hogwarts, such a good resource can’t be wasted, I don’t want to drink the rubbish prepared by those potion apprentices again.”After talking about the dream basket, Snape's attitude finally softened, of course, this may also be because Lockhart had negotiated several deals with him before.After receiving Lockhart's deposit of 300 Galleons for the Felix Elixir, Snape also specially pointed out:    If the amount of the potion is really large, you can still go to the Extraordinary PotionMr. Granger of the Master Guild, and Professor Slughorn, although their asking prices are high, but in the eyes of people who have just made a lot of money from Muggles, this should not be a big deal, right? 
   Lockhart didn't expect the rumors to spread so quickly, even though he did it on purpose.
   You knew already?
   
   If you want to keep a secret, you should learn to keep your mouth shut in the tavern.
    Snape said coldly, 
   Also, don't blame me for not reminding you, Mrs. Zabini wrote to me yesterday, except to let me Besides going to her husband's funeral, she asked me about you.
   
   ... so fast? I mean, her husband
   While he was going fishing, he was suddenly swept away by a tornado, and when he fell, he landed on top of a haystack on a nearby farm.
   
   Isn't that all right?
   
   Unfortunately, there was also a steel fork in the haystack, the point was just pointing upwards.Lockhart didn't know how to describe this 
   coincidence
   .Snape looked at Lockhart's reaction with great interest:    Well, do you want to think about it? I can introduce you...Although Zabini is not in 
   28 Pure Blood
   , it still has a long history An ancient surname, and you can also inquire about the beauty of Mrs. Zabini, it is really famous one by one. 
   Lockhart quickly rebuffed:    Thank you, I am the only male in the next generation of the Lockhart family, and I am not tired of my life.
   
   That's a pity. It seems that after receiving this deposit, I still have to work.
    Snape's tone was full of jokes, without any trace of regret.Maybe he didn't even discover it himself, and now he can use a pair of 
   comparison
   normal
    attitude and spoke to Lockhart.There is no way around this. There are many old professors at Hogwarts, not to mention the Big Three who may have a combined age of 250 years. Even other 
   marginal
    professors are generally not too young.For example, Mrs. Pomfrey, the school doctor, had been the school doctor when James Potter was a student.Mrs. Huo Qi, who was in the flight class, even experienced the 
   Silver Arrow
   , the predecessor of the Firebolt-you must know that it was a product that was discontinued after the sweeping star came out in 1926.Perhaps the only professors in Hogwarts who are around 30 years old are Snape and Lockhart. In this case, it is normal for people of the same age to communicate more.Moreover, Lockhart believes in a truth, that is, as long as he has a thick skin, then there is no one in this world who cannot get along with him.As long as I greet people with a smile every day, there is nothing in this world that a piece of brown sugar like him can't stick to.Meet and say hello in the morning, take the initiative to sit next to eat together at noon, and bring two bottles of wine to taste together every now and then—Snape was not used to this approach at first, but later on he got used to it.
   How about going to Gringotts this weekend? The goblins have prepared a celebration banquet to celebrate the gold coming into the account. They have some fine wine left over from the Byzantine period.
    He issued an invitation.Snape hesitated, then finally shook his head.
   I'm going to attend Mr Zabini's funeral this weekend, and I have some private business to attend to, as the Headmaster ordered,
    he told Lockhart.
   The headmaster ordered...then I won't inquire, I will bring the wine back.
    Lockhart saidSnape did not refuse:    It is a good habit not to inquire casually. Since I have already mentioned it to you, I will tell you when it is time to tell you.
   Chapter 40 Who Can Influence GringottsAt the end of September, Lockhart went to Gringotts and attended Ragnol's promotion celebration as scheduledHis promotion celebration was very goblin-like--a group of goblins sat next to the Gringotts vault, waiting for the gold that Ragnor said to arrive.It was not until the gold was delivered by the transport truck and counted, that the goblins opened the prepared wine and began to officially celebrate.Lockhart took his brother-in-law to toast Ragnol:    Congratulations, when will you be promoted to president?
   
   It can be done after Gonuk's old hanging point, but it may take a long time. That old thing is quite alive.
    Ragnol said without any scruples in front of many colleagues.Seeing William's confused expression, Lockhart quickly explained:    The status of a goblin only depends on his wealth or skills, and nothing else counts, so even if he disagrees with his boss, the boss can't do anything about it. .”
   That's it, I earned a lot of gold for Gringotts, and I deserve to enjoy my current status.
    Ragnol took the credit for himself, 
   You two are also talented in earning gold, so In my opinion, you are more important than ten thousand Galleons.
   
   What about the [-] yuan?
    Lockhart deliberately raised an argument.
   Hmm... don't ask such hurtful questions, okay?
    Ragueno changed the subject, 
   Two distinguished guests, please come over, this... yes, he is my confidant, named Griphook, and he will be in charge in the future Butt with you, if there is such a good thing, don't forget about us, I treat you to drink good wine.
   It is indeed a good wine, but I have to take back five bottles for my colleagues.Ragueno's eyes widened:    You're joking.
   
   Joking? We're going to be investing in 'black gold' next year, and it's a big deal—and it's going to keep bringing in money for a few years. ' Lockhart hung him deliberately.Ragnor was stuck, and it took a long time before he remembered that he should bargain
   Two bottles, otherwise we won't talk about it.
   Lockhart showed a look of surprise:    ...It's unimaginable, we are going to give wine to the big shots, you are so stingy, it seems that your structure restricts you, and you can only earn this A little money.
   As he spoke, he greeted his brother-in-law:    William, you have also seen that they are not willing to give up their capital. The goblins stole a lot of good wine in Yavna when the Turks attacked, and the whole world Know…
   
   No matter how many cellars there are, there won't be much left after more than 500 years.
    Ragueneau interrupted him, 
   And we goblins are the ones who make these wines. If you dare to say the word 
   steal
    again, I will sue you.
    You slander. 
   Lockhart shrugged and explained to his brother-in-law:    ...you see, goblins always believe that the owner of the item belongs to the manufacturer. The word 
   buy
    does not exist in them, only the so-called 
   rent
   ... That's why Vivienne has to take back King Arthur's sword.
   William nodded numbly. In the past month, he has seen more than the sum of the past 30 years.No matter how long you hide these things, they will go bad sooner or later, but gold won't, so why bother? said Lockhart again.Ragueno glanced around and found that his colleagues had already stopped talking, but were attentively listening to the movement on his side. It seemed that the temptation of the word 
   gold
    was too great.He knew in his heart that if he dared to reject Lockhart and the others, his colleagues would definitely find ways to get in touch with them, and it was hard to say what would happen next.
   Of course, goblins have always respected friends with good reputation...Alcohol is nothing, although it may be precious to you humans, but their age is probably not as old as those in our vault guard.
   
   So... a deal? The commission is still the same as this time?
   Under the staring eyes of his colleagues, Ragueno stretched out his hand:    Deal.On the other side, Snape also took out the things he had collected and handed them to his headmaster.
   As you wish, I went to Mr. Zabini's funeral and met many old friends.
   
   Did you find out?
    Dumbledore asked with concern.
   ...Besides Lucius Malfoy, the Dark Lord once gave Bellatrix Lestrange something, but no one knows what that thing is, Bella's tone is very tight.
   Dumbledore nodded:    It's not surprising. Of all the Death Eaters, Mrs. Lestrange is, if not the most brutal, at least the most stubborn.
   
   Yes, she originally planned to never marry and serve the Dark Lord all her life, but when he asked her to marry Lestrange, she agreed without hesitation.
    Snape mentioned the inside story of the Death Eaters Sometimes it seems like a treasure.
   In a sense, Voldemort is her belief, Severus. Human beings are such a strange creature, they will care about trivial things, and they will be willing to pay for a reason that others cannot understand Everything. I think even the harshest orders from Voldemort seemed to her a necessary bump in the road to glory.
   Snape was silent, obviously the phrase 
   willing to give everything for a reason that others can't understand
    also made him uncomfortable.After Dumbledore knocked on Snape, he turned the topic back:    However... I remember that the Ministry of Magic has searched all the houses of the Lestrange family, and there is nothing particularly noteworthy inside.
   
   It may be stored in her natal family, that is, the ancestral home of the Black family, or it may be stored in the vault of Gringotts.
    Snape then deduced.
   That's right... There are not many places they can choose... Who else can find the ancestral home of the Black family now? I mean besides Bella.
   
   Sirius Black.
    Snape gritted his teeth and read a nameDumbledore was silent for a while, and then his eyes became more determined:    It seems that we have to talk to this old friend of yours... I also want to call Remus Lupine over to Az Caban.
   Snape flatly refused:    I don't want to see them.
   
   Thank goodness, my dear Severus, you are thirty-two, not twelve,
    Dumbledore sighed.Snape was speechless.Also, Gringotts can't be left behind, we need someone to go in and have a look. Dumbledore exhorted again.
   But the goblins won't agree. They value secrecy more than their lives.
    Snape shook his head again and again.
   Use your wits, Severus, and don't think it's impenetrable. I remember just last year when Quirrell and Voldemort forced their way in.
   
   I remember being told, 'Don't be as J as he seems to be you. 
   Snape retorted, 
   I didn't expect that after so many years, it would be youBut more and more like that person. 
   
   
   
Chapter 21   
   
   
   This is a very serious accusation, but I intend to admit it.
    Dumbledore sighed. 
   If you don't want to, I will have to go to Bill Weasley. I remember he was in the Egyptian branch of Gringotts.
    Cursebreaker.
   Snape had a thought:    Why bother looking far away, besides, a small employee employed by Gringotts may not have any mobility.
   
   So, your suggestion is... oh, I see who you're talking about, thank you, Severus.
   Chapter 41 Quarrel?The good weather in the Scottish Highlands usually only lasts until September, when October, the weather here will start to change.Either sunny or cloudy or rainy or windy, all kinds of weather take turns to mount the horse, and the speed of God's face changing is just like the mood of a girl.After being stimulated by Slytherin's seven Nimbus 2001, the Gryffindor team stepped up their training. Although the weather outside was very bad, and it even rained continuously for a week, Harry still had to get up early and stay late.Hermione Granger finished her homework early, and then stared in a daze at the Gryffindor team who were practicing in the distance outside the window.Of course she has troubles, otherwise she wouldn't be so preoccupied.And the source of her troubles was Lockhart.I think she mustered up her courage and practiced in front of the mirror several times before she put away the dozen or so questions she had summed up during this time, and was ready to go to Lockhart's office to 
   seek answers
   It's just that she didn't go at the right time - there were people in Lockhart's office at the time, so Hermione could only lean against the wall outside the office door, waiting for the visiting guests to come out.However, this castle was built around the 10th century AD. At that time, British construction technology was influenced by Byzantium, and stone buildings had just appeared. The building materials were still at the level of a single material, and they were not very soundproof.Moreover, during the construction, the architect took into account the fact that all the people living inside would be able to use magic, and did not give much thought to the sound insulation problem, otherwise Lockhart would not be disturbed by the noise of the wind and rain at night so that he could not sleep.A few words from the office floated out through the crack of the wooden door, and Hermione, who was guarding the door, listened attentively.
   …No no no, this is ridiculous, Severus. I can't do something that violates my principles, it would seriously damage my credibility.
    It was Lockhart's voice.And the other voice, Hermione, is also very familiar—of course, if there is a professor who finds fault with Gryffindor College every day, and always says 
   the answer is correct, so Gryffindor will deduct [-] points
   , then you will not forget him the sound of.
   No way, in life, we sometimes do things we don't want to do, as long as it is really necessary.
    Snape said.
   But you're asking me to blackmail them.
   
   Coercion? I didn't say that. If you can get things by more clever means, I believe you will get a higher evaluation from him.
   
   Damn it! You didn't even tell me what it was, and you didn't even give me a plausible reason! Just because of a 'maybe', I'm going to destroy my long-established reputation! ' Professor Lockhart's voice sounded annoyed.
   It is true, but this is obviously not an issue we can participate in the discussion.
    Snape's tone also contained deep resentment:    This is him, even if he doesn't tell us anything, we must follow what he said Do it...I'm used to it.
   Afterwards, the office fell into a long silence, and Hermione outside the door didn't even dare to take a breath, so she could only continue listening with breathless concentration.After a long time, Lockhart's voice came from the office again.
   If I want to do this, I'm afraid I will pay a very high price... Don't I get any compensation?
   Snape replied quickly:    You can make a list from now on and list all your requirements on it. Believe me, he is also very interested in what your purpose of coming to Hogwarts is.
   
   Oh? I thought he knew it already, but I showed him the wind from seven or eight different angles.
   He thought he knew, but now he wasn't sure.
   It seems that my acting skills are really bad.
   
   He's almost twice our age combined.
   After these few words were finished, there was a sound of chairs rubbing against the floor and people walking around in the office. It seemed that the conversation had finally come to an end.Taking advantage of the chaos in the room, Hermione hurriedly left the door and hid under a movable staircase.After she finished going down this level, the movable staircase creaked and twisted to another step, which happened to stagger her position.Snape came out of Lockhart's office, looked around and then went down the stairs on the other side, but found no sign of Hermione.It was a few minutes before she went back upstairs and knocked on Lockhart's officeLockhart received her very warmly, not only praised that her knowledge was comparable to that of a fourth grader, but also stuffed her pockets with candy before she left.It's just that Hermione always felt that he seemed to be out of shape, and he was a little restless.When copying homework time in the evening, Hermione told her two friends about what happened in the afternoon.
   Oh look, he couldn't even answer a few of the questions I asked: obviously out of shape,    Hermione said to Ron and Harry.Ron and Harry nodded again and again, agreeing with Hermione's opinion.None of them thought that a 
   master against the dark arts
    would be unable to answer a question from a second year student, so Lockhart must have been out of shape.
   What the hell did Snape tell him to do?
    Harry asked curiously.
   Don't know, but it sounds embarrassing.
    Hermione frowned, 
   He said 'it's going to cost a lot'
   
   Oh!
    Harry and Ron Qiqi said with emotion.Although because of the Sorcerer's Stone incident in the first grade, the current Harry doesn't think Snape is a bad guy, but it's hard for them to feel good about him when he faces a person who deducts points from Gryffindor every day. What a favor.
   It seems that there have been many similar transactions between Lockhart and Snape.
    Ron said enthusiastically with a look called 
   gossip
   , 
   Maybe he still has something to do in Snape.
    What do you think, Napna, Harry?
   Harry stole a glance at Hermione's suddenly sharp eyes, and he felt that even for the sake of Transfiguration work, he had to think carefully about his words.Thinking for three seconds more now will save you three hours of homework in the future.
   It sounds like Snape is unilaterally threatening, and that thing can only be done by Professor Lockhart. Moreover, Professor Lockhart came to Honolulu because he wanted 
   the man
    in Snape's mouth.
    Gwartz, I teach...
    He tried to choose words that would not irritate Hermione.But Ron obviously didn't wink as much as Harry:    So, what's the matter? Is it asking for money?
   
   Money? Don't be kidding.
   
   I'm not kidding, my mother wrote to Percy last time to ask about Lockhart, Fred and I went to inquire, and they told me that Lockhart got a lot of money recently. He heard it from Honeydukes boss Ambrosio Froome when he went to Hogsmeade.
   Hermione stood up suddenly, and her face was very determined.
   No, this matter must not be left alone! We have to find out what exactly Snape used to blackmail Professor Lockhart, and who is behind Snape.
    Almost the sum of our ages Twice that of ', the mastermind must be over 100 years old, maybe even 00 years old. 
   
   Why do you say that?
    Ron asked in surprise.Professor Nepe and Harry's father are at the same level, which means that he must be in his 30s this year, and Professor Lockhart's birthday is January 1964, 1, so this year is 26...why do you think of me like that? 
   Hermione puzzled.
   You actually go out of your way to remember his birthday.
    Ron said in an unbelievable tone.Chapter 42 and Dumbledore's DealGilderoy Lockhart was ignorant of his students' small calculations, but the group of children did guess one thing correctly-that is, he was really in a difficult situation now.The task Snape gave Lockhart was not complicated—Dumbledore wanted to enter the Lestrange house's underground vault, and verified whether what Voldemort gave Bella was what he guessed.Considering that Bellatrix Lestrange is still serving his sentence in Azkaban: no one can raise an objection; so it should not be very difficult from this point of view.But the crux of the problem lies with the goblins, they will never allow Dumbledore to enter their vault.No bank in any of the capitalist countries on the Muggle side would allow outsiders to view their customers' lockers and deposits.Even if that client has been proven to be a criminal.Even if the government, public security, and courts want to check, they still need to follow a very strict process to apply, and there is still a high probability that they may be rejected.The reason is actually very simple. The job of a bank is to manage the deposit and circulation of money. In other words,    capital is my father
   , so whoever has capital is the father of the bank.The reason why grandpa is willing to keep the money with his grandson is because these grandsons are quite obedient. No matter who comes to him for money, he can keep his property secret and safe.In other words, as long as the bank is forced by external pressure—no matter where the pressure comes from, even public power—to disclose the customer’s deposit information to others, the rest of the customers will immediately deposit their money in other banks. because your bankIt's not safe anymore!Therefore, for banks, 
   reputation is life
    is not just talk, it is really more important than life.In the same way, although Gringotts is the only bank in the wizarding world, the goblins of Gringotts may lack theoretical literacy compared to Muggle professional financiers, but their professionalism is more than that No less.Lockhart knew with his toes that no matter how good his relationship with Ragnol was, they would not allow him to enter the vault.In the original book, Harry and the others cast the Imperius Curse, one of the three unforgivable curses, before finally entering the underground vault.And because of 
   not being cruel enough
   , they only used a half-hearted Imperius Curse, and finally had to promise Griphook to exchange Gryffindor's sword for this right.Not to mention that Dumbledore didn't want to startle the snake.In Lockhart's view, most of Voldemort's Horcruxes were destroyed and he was to blame.As Dumbledore said, if Voldemort had told Lucius and Bella from the beginning that what he gave them was a piece of his own soul, they would not have dared to treat these two Horcruxes so slowly that one was used. Come to blame political enemies, and the other was thrown into the underground vault to pile up ashes.He wanted to pretend to show his trust in his subordinates, but at the same time he didn't trust anyone, so he gave Dumbledore a chance to break, and Dumbledore probably knew more about Voldemort than himself.Similarly, Voldemort is also a good player to manipulate people's desires, so that even Dumbledore couldn't stand the temptation of the Resurrection Stone, and let himself fall under the death curse.He wasn't pure anymore after all - every time he recalled that he might have killed his sister Ariana, Dumbledore knew he was no longer entitled to kill Voldemort.It is precisely because of such self-knowledge that Dumbledore turned to hope to cultivate an upright, kind, pure-hearted, caring and indomitable savior, and let this 
   pure
    person defeat him.Before the savior was trained, Dumbledore would not take the risk of letting the Death Eaters know his purpose.On the contrary, as long as it is conducive to cultivating a savior, he is willing to do it, even at the cost of his own life and some 
   relatively not so important
    people.Otherwise, Voldemort is the Dark Lord and Dumbledore is the White Lord.If Lockhart took someone to press Bella to ask about the whereabouts of the thing, it would be emphasizing the importance of the thing to Bella.Not to mention whether Bella would bite her tongue and kill herself on the spot to avoid being dosed with Veritaserum, the rest of the Death Eaters would also find out the fact that Dumbledore was looking for something, and it was related to the Dark Lord related.Gotta figure out a way.Although Lockhart had already taken this matter into his heart, he still took his time and had no intention of doing it right away.Not to mention that he needs a certain amount of preparation time, even in face, he doesn't want to appear too urgent.Well, when Dumbledore told you to search the treasury, you immediately went there, what is this?Premeditated?Still can't wait?Even if things are really done, his character will probably be a big question mark in Dumbledore's heart.So this Monday morning, he still went to teach the students as usual.
   morning everyone!
   
   Good morning, Professor Lockhart!
    the sixth grade students replied in unison.
   I believe that everyone has enjoyed a pleasant weekend, and then please calm down and re-enter the learning environment.What I am going to talk about today is very important. It involves the issue of 
   positioning
    in group combat. I hope everyone will take good notes...Mr. Percy Weasley, please stay after class today, I have something to tell you .”Percy obviously didn't expect to be called, but he nodded to show he heard.Lockhart ignored those curious classmates and began to talk about the class.
   The biggest difference between team battles and 1-on-1 duels is that a wizard is likely to be exposed to the sight of multiple wizards at the same time, and thus be targeted. I think you should be very clear that if you are hit by a stun spell If it can be recovered with the stun spell, then if it is hit by more than two stun spells at the same time, the person concerned can only be sent to St. Mungo for first aid.Many heads-up players will drop to a higher level after entering team battles. This is because they think that team battles are the same as heads-up battles, and all problems need to be solved by themselves-but this kind of thinking is a big mistake.That's why we need to move and cooperate. Remember, the position you step out of should never be exposed to the attack range of the opponent's two wizards at the same time. It is also the reason why many wizards who don't look very good in 1v1 can shine in team battles.Let me give another negative example—I know that there is a famous Auror named Alastor Moody. Before he was injured, he was known as the strongest Auror. In the battle to hunt down the dark wizard and fight him one-on-one , he has never missed a shot and is known as 
   the man who filled half of Azkaban
   .But it's a pity that his team battle awareness is a bit poor, and he often makes the mistake of focusing on one thing and neglecting another, and is easily distracted by accidents on his own side. He was injured several times because of similar situations. is a pity.So today our class will go to the dock by the lake, let's play a game of hide and seek - first we will group by college, and then I will implementCloud and Mist Curse, give everyone time to find a place to hide.After hiding, you have to find the location of the other college's students without moving, and record it, and finally leave it to me to judge.如果一个人可以找到5个对手的位置而自己只被3个人找到,那他就赢得了5-3二2分，反之则是负分，最后以学院所有人整体分数之和为总成绩。The winning side will each get a pocket panoramic binoculars, which you can use to watch the Quidditch match.The loser should each collect a pound of Mamba, and bring it back to Madam Pomfrey.The weather has been bad recently, and everyone has been suffering from ailments. I think she will use it. 
   Chapter 43 Best Assistant - Percy WeasleyThis unique positioning training lasted less than 20 minutes, and it came to an end in the defeat of the Gryffindor sixth grade side.Because all of them were found out without any omission, and only 6 people were found in Yingyuan, so the result is obvious.But the little lions were not convinced.
   They cheated!
    Oliver Wood yelled angrily. 
   They used a sound transmission spell! If anyone finds out about one of us, it means they all have found out.
   Lockhart made a helpless gesture:    Sorry, Mr. Wood, this does not violate the rules I set at the beginning. And if it is a fight with a dark wizard, it is a way to use the sound transmission spell to inform each other and the other party's position.
    It's a smart thing to do, and I encourage you to do it.
   The students of the Eagle Academy came to Lockhart to receive their prizes with smiles on their faces, and at the same time comforted the little lions with high EQ.
   Sorry, Wood, but we really want this viewing telescope... When you play against Slytherin, we will go to cheer for you.
    Penelope Crivat comforted him.Seeing that Percy's girlfriend said the same, Wood could only admit it.Percy Wesley stayed after class and asked Lockhart what he wanted from him.
   I went to several deans on the weekend and asked them who wanted to work in the Ministry of Magic after graduation. Professor McGonagall recommended you to me.
   Percy was a little sensitive:    It's not a definite fact yet. Although I have contacted several seniors who have graduated, the final decision of what department I can be assigned to is probably the seventh grade test scores.
   
   Don't be so serious.
    Lockhart said to him with a smile, 
   I'm just talking to you to meet my future colleagues. I've been in contact with colleagues from the Ministry of Magic this summer. Ci will go after leaving the job.
   
   Are you going too?
    Percy was a little surprised, 
   I thought you were going to show off at Hogwarts.
   
   That's true, but I can't resist the You-Know-Who's curse.
    Lockhart admitted to him frankly.
   So
   So I have to find a way out early, accumulate my contacts and reputation as much as possible, and then get a better starting point in the Ministry of Magic, otherwise I will start to follow the rules after entering the Ministry of Magic, and then I want to do something to gain reputation Things need to be done according to the rules... You know, we are all the same kind of people.
    Lockhart winked at him.Percy Weasley felt a sense of confidant—this is how adults think!Compared with Professor Lockhart, my brothers and even my father are really disgraceful-everything is up to my own temper, neither obeying authority, nor thinking much about the future of myself and my family. Think like them.
   Very pragmatic goals,
    agreed Percy, 
   but what can I do for you?
   
   
   
Chapter 22   
   
   
   It's like this... I have read a book for a long time. It is about Muggle politics. It is called 
   Hume on Party Politics
   . The world of politics is so rudimentary that there isn't even a single party...that's just not right.
   
   Pmrty? Regular gatherings, you mean?
    Percy wondered.
   You can understand that, because we need a regular channel for information exchange, and the club, small reception model is the best.
    Lockhart explained.
   Communicate what?
    Percy was even more puzzled.
   There are too many things to communicate with... After we enter politics, whether we want to or not, we must represent at least one interest group behind our backs, otherwise we won't be able to gain a foothold in the Ministry of Magic and can only be reduced to a small role. I don't know Have you read the book How Prefects Get Powered?
   Percy quickly replied, 
   I've read that book, and it mainly talks about how to carry out the principal's will so as to enhance your authority...
   
   That's only part of the means.
    Lockhart reminded him, 
   Being an assistant to someone with real power is certainly a means of gaining power, but it's not stable, because since they can give you power, it means that they can give you power at any time.
    You can take it back.Seeing that he spoke so bluntly, Percy simply opened the skylight and said, 
   So, Professor Lockhart, what do you think is a better way to gain power?
   It's very simple, let yourself become the spokesperson of more interest groups, so that no matter who is the Minister of Magic, he can't move you, because he has to take into account the opinions of a large group of people behind you. This is the secret of the party - holding together for warmth .”Percy was moved:    That sounds good.
   
   Yes, like your father. He runs the Misuse of Muggle Substances Division, which can be as big as it is small. But he can make the department into a fat job whenever he wants.
   
   But that doesn't sound very traditional...
   
   Forget about the fucking tradition!
    Lockhart swears in a rare way: Eight 28 purebloods' Malfoy family tradition?But his family was granted land during the service of    William the Conqueror
   . For the next nearly 700 years, the Malfoy family maintained their relationship with the Muggle upper class, and even intermarried with them. The most ruthless of the 
   Secrecy Act
    is his family, but now? They are 
   pure blood family
   !Ha ha! 
   Percy was taken aback:    What else?
   Of course, Lucius Malfoy recently secretly bought a plane and painted it to look like an Australian protein dragon. Does he think no one else knows?
   Lockhart had no trouble selling the information he had found out while chatting with Snape.Percy shook his head again and again, he didn't doubt what Lockhart said, he was just lamenting the duplicity of the pure-blood family.
   Listen to me, this will happen sooner or later.
    Lockhart continued, 
   In the future, we will export high-end magic items to the Muggle upper class and import machinery, telephones, and even subways and airplanes from them.
    At that time, your father's position will become very important, and many people will come to him to 
   talk things
   . As long as he is willing to make these friends, his status in the Ministry of Magic will improve quickly. 
   Percy seemed fascinated by the prospect Lockhart had drawn:    
   Well, wehow should I do it? 
   
   Propose slogans, form parties, unite comrades, and outreach interest groups, and then meet regularly to discuss how to face some things that happen in the political arena together, and how to fight for a higher status for 
   our own people
   . 
    Lockhart expressly said.Obviously what Lockhart said was some very boring stuff, but Percy's blood boiled at the moment--Lockhart was right, they were indeed human beings when it came to grabbing power.
   That's great, Professor!
    he said, 
   I will give you my full support.
   Seeing him take the bait, Lockhart began the next step:    We could start doing this at school. You could start by helping me run a dueling club and make it a long-term project. As long as you're fair, then You can rely on the prestige of hosting the competition to become the next student president.That way, when you graduate you can take your 'hosted a big game' with youEnter the Ministry of Magic with the resume of 
   Student President
   . At that time, the Quidditch World Cup and the Triwizard Tournament under discussion will also start. The Ministry of Magic must be in great need of a talent like you who has presided over the game. I will help you in the Ministry Say something nice...
   Percy was so enthralled by Lockhart's bright future that he took on all the work he had given him, promising to do it perfectly.Before leaving, Percy suddenly remembered something.
   By the way, professor, can you lend me that book on party politics you just mentioned? I'll return it to you soon.
   Lockhart graciously agreed:    
   Of course, I have three copies of that book,I'll give you one.Every time I watch it, I have a new experience, and I believe you will too. 
   
   Thank you, Professor Lockhart.
   Percy enthusiastically followed Lockhart to the office and took the book - it looked like he was going to study all night tonight.Chapter 44 The duel is about to beginFor the current Lockhart, it is really not very difficult to deal with a half-grown child. At least Percy Weasley has completely changed his opinion of him and is willing to join his core club.Up to now, Lockhart felt that his purpose of coming to Hogwarts had been fulfilled—for a while, as long as the dueling club was running smoothly, he could wait until the day when he could reap the benefits.At that time, Dumbledore should also have a showdown with himself.During class the next day, Hermione and Harry deliberately observed Lockhart's state, and found that not only did he look as usual, but his spirit was far better than before, and there was nothing wrong with him at all. A far cry from last year's Quirrell.Just kidding, he has just made a lot of money, and he is in a very good mood. In addition, his career has progressed, and readers wrote back that a group of poor Muggle-born students came to him to do 
   work-study
    work, even physical problems. The fixed person is willing to help solve it, so Lockhart is living a very nourishing life now.In addition, the food at Hogwarts is far above the average level in the UK, and Lockhart is the kind of person who is good at taking care of himself. It would be strange if his complexion could get worse.
   It seems that Snape's threat has no effect on him.
    Ron muttered a few words in a low voice.Hermione replied to him without thinking:    Of course, the professor didn't do anything wrong... I guess it might just be that some potions master outside the school asked him to do something, and Professor Lockhart really wanted the potions he made.
   Harry and Ron exchanged a meaningful look, clearly interested in the matterThey thought otherwise, it was just that they didn't want to offend Hermione right now.This is not only becauseBecause they don't want to spend three times as long doing homework in the future, and also because they have found that Hermione has become more and more difficult to mess with lately.For example, the magic that Lockhart taught them today is 
   Magic Missile
   , which is also a magic with fast casting speed and low mana consumption.Its effect is to conjure up a magic missile in the shape of a bird and hit the target, and the person hit by this magic is equivalent to being hit by a half-stretched punch from a wizard, and it is inevitable to be hurt.Ron thought that Hermione's strength would not be too strong, so the magic power would definitely not work, but when Lockhart asked them to hit a wooden target, Hermione suddenly used a 
   thousand bullets
   , and instantly summoned 12 magic missiles blasted the wooden target into pieces under the horrified eyes of everyone.Such an outstanding performance naturally earned her praise and extra points from Lockhart, as well as the horrified eyes of a group of students around her.Harry tried it secretly, and felt that the spell 
   Thousand Bullets
    was quite suitable for him--Professor Lockhart said that this magic is very special, the power of a single magic missile is directly linked to the strength of the wizard's body, and as Qui As a Diqi player, he is no longer as thin as before the age of 0, so he is more powerful than Hermione when used.It's a pity that his magic control is not as good as Hermione's, so he can only summon 6 magic missiles at a time.After the course was over, Lockhart started his own dueling club with his second-year classmates.
   ... starting this weekend, the Dueling Club will be held in the school hall, and you will have a great opportunity to put what you have learned in class into practice.As for the opening time, it is after dinner every night, and on weekends, as long as you avoid the meal time, you can do it anytime.Professor McGonagall, Professor Flitwick, Professor Snape, Mr. Hagrid, the gamekeeper, and I will take turns on Monday to Friday evening shifts,Although the duel club record does not count toward the final exam score, I may award points for outstanding performance at my discretion and grade based on the record.In the last month before the exam week, we will select the top eight based on the record points of each grade, and then decide the 
   Duel King'oo
    of each grade through the final duel competition. Do you have any questions?
   As soon as the words fell, everyone in Gryffindor College raised their hands.
   Miss Granger?
    Lockhart mentioned his 
   apprentice
   .
   Are there any rules for this duel? Can we use any spell in the duel?
    Hermione asked.
   This is exactly what I want to add...After discussing with several of our professors, we decided to seal the spells that are too lethal, and set a 
   magic power threshold
    in the auditorium, that is, spells higher than a certain power are not allowed to be used . 
   
   Then what is the threshold?
   
   In principle, it cannot exceed the power of the Stunning Spell, and it is not allowed to hit the same person with two consecutive Stunning Spells. I think you know the reason very well, Miss Granger.
   Well, because after two or more Stunning Spells, the conventional counter-spells will no longer work, and must be sent to St. Mungo's for abatement.
    Hermione replied without thinking
   Miss Know-It-All really never disappoints.
    Lockhart praised.Hermione felt that her face was burning, so she quickly sat down before the surrounding students noticed her abnormality.Then Terry Boot from Ravenclaw asked:    Professor, what exactly is the championship prize? I heard from seniors that you will personally teach the dueling champion the black arts?
   Lockhart answered him with a smirk, 
   Do you think it's possible?
   
   It's kind of weird, but...you know, professor.
    Terry saidget a little excitedLockhart grimaced down below.
   Well, you guys are really good at asking questions. It seems that if you don't explain it to you, you will continue to guess like this-I will indeed be rewarded, and as long as the top eight in the finals will There is a reward, but the reward is not some black magic, but I will help that person 
   condense the real name
   ! 
   A few classmates exchanged a look - it seemed that it was exactly what they asked the senior Hufflepuffs.Lockhart's trickery obviously didn't have the desired effect. Except for a few interested people who asked in advance, the other students were still confused. He had to explain to these little wizards again in his own way what 
   condensation
    is. real nameThis time, the atmosphere in the classroom suddenly became much more enthusiastic - children, almost everyone wants a famous nickname, especially when this nickname can also help him enhance his magic power and talent.
   I've already figured it out, I'll call it 'Long Range Artillery'! 
   Ron said happily to Harry, 
   I'm a die-hard supporter of the Chudley Cannons Io
   Harry was also a little moved:    If... I mean, if a real name of 
   Wind Chaser
    can help me catch the Golden Snitch faster when playing Quidditch? Anyway, I don't like that 
   scar The nickname of 'Head'.
   Only Hermione is concerned about other aspects:    This will definitely cost a lot of money... I read from the book that this is a very difficult magic. If the willpower is not strong enough to condense the real name, then the wizard must drink the blessing agent.
   
   Forget it, you don't have to worry about money for Lockhart.
    Ron interrupted her. 
   He must have taken care of everything.
   
   Got it all...yes, I almost forgot...
   Thinking of asking, Hermione immediately raised her hand boldly.
   Miss Granger?
   
   Professor, what is your magic real name? It is not written in your book at all.After she asked, the students next to him also looked at Lockhart, and not only the girls, but almost everyone showed interest.But Lockhart went around lightly.
   This is a secret... No, no, no, I will never tell it, even if you are one of my favorite students.
    Lockhart winked at her, 
   You can guess boldly, you guessed right Count me as loser.
   Chapter 45 Transaction objectAfter getting Lockhart's personal acknowledgment, in the next few days, the word 
   real name
    was completely spread, and quickly became a hot topic among the students.Especially among female students, the popularity of this topic has surpassed clothing and beauty products, second only to food and constellations.At the same time, a fairly true gossip circulated—
   Professor McGonagall said that Professor Lockhart would only tell his real name to his future wife, this is what I heard from Katie Bell in Gryffindor I inquired from there.
    Marietta Aikemo swore to her friend.After such rumors spread, the trouble it brought to Lockhart can be said to be unprecedented—almost all the girls tried their best to find out his real name, and they didn't even listen very well in class.Considering his own image, he couldn't speak harshly to these girls, so he had to turn to the prefects for help.But the prefects were in sympathy with those people - they promised that if Lockhart secretly told them his real name: they would definitely help Lockhart keep the secret....It's all been said, so is that still a secret?Lockhart couldn't laugh or cry.But in any case, it is always good for students to be enthusiastic about the Dueling Club, so that the preparations for him and the rest of the professors will not be wasted.After several experiments with Snape, Lockhart and the others finally made a batch of contact lenses coated with anti-magic discoloration potion, which can resist some minor curses without any problem.At Madam Pomfrey's suggestion, they also made some protective helmets for the fourth and sixth graders, because    you never know how hard these kids are.
   I don't know the importance (Madam Pomfrey)
   Probably because Lockhart used 
   failure punishment
    to let students collect herbs every now and then, Professor Sprout and Mrs. Pomfrey now have a pretty good sense of Lockhart.While working on the contact lenses, Snape routinely asked Lockhart 
   how's it going
   .
   It's tricky,
    Lockhart replied, and Jueyao Jing didn't even bother to answer my request, as if I told them that a pig was going to fly to Uranus. 
   
   Think of a way, and you have to be quick, Dumbledore has limited patience.
    Snape warned.
   Forgive me, what kind of ecstasy soup did Dumbledore give you to make you so obedient?
    Lockhart asked deliberately, 
   If he is really urgent, then he should break into that vault by himself, I bet Even the two hundred goblins there couldn't stop him.
   Snape fell silent.Obviously, he didn't want to answer the question.After all, when he begged Dumbledore to protect Lily and her children, Old Deng asked him 
   what can you give me?
   , and Snape also answered Dumbledore wAnything (what It will be all right)
   .If this agreement was followed, it would be fine for Old Deng to let Snape commit suicide on the spot, because life is obviously included in this 
   Anything
   .
   Perhaps the principal has the principal's considerations, and it's definitely not wise to turn against the goblin.Snape said something he didn't believe, while dryly persuading Lockhart to act quickly.If it wasn't for Lockhart's plans, he would be persuaded by such empty persuasion.Let's put on makeup, I'll try harder, but don't hold out too much hope. 
   LohaEspecially playing hard to get.
   Really? But Dumbledore said, if you really want to do it, you can do it.
    Snape replied flatly.Lockhart's mind is tight - Oops, I've been seen throughBut on the surface, he still looks like a fool:    Really? That really thinks highly of me.
   Snape snorted, then looked down to continue processing the batch of helmet coatingsAfter the equipment was almost done, Lockhart distributed the finished contact lenses, even the fifth and seventh graders.
   Even if you don't use it for duels, it's okay to replace the windproof glasses when playing Quidditch.
    Lockhart said to them, 
   Of course, girls can also use it as a very ordinary color contact lens, you can try it The pupil color you usually want to match—such as green, red, gold or pink...it’s all right.”Everyone likes free stuff, not to mention that kids this age like to be different.The girls happily accepted the 
   Color Contact
    lenses from Lockhart, and began to discuss how to match their hats, while the boys also wanted to try it on the court to see if it was really so windproof.
   
   
Chapter 23   
   
   —Everything has been arranged, Lockhart decided to open this dueling club at the end of October, and I believe there will be absolutely no shortage of people by then.And Dumbledore was also very interesting, directly signed a magical document, opening part of the auditorium to Lockhart.According to this permission, Lockhart can temporarily activate apparation for a period of time inside the auditorium (of course, only inside), and the protective magic shrouded on the ceiling and walls of the auditorium also allows him to call it temporarily.This saves Lockhart a lot of trouble in casting protective magic, otherwise his protective shield might really be broken by those sixth and seventh graders.Of course, since Lao Deng received such a big face, Lockhart must also do something for him, because this is the rule.After all, civil servants -- as long as you know a little bit, you will find that the official voiceThe best-sounding civil servants are often not those who are impartial and honest in the traditional sense, but those who are able to take money to do things. Lockhart is determined to be the latter.Just the day before the Dueling Club was about to start its activities, that is, on Friday afternoon, Ron Weasley, who accompanied Harry back from the Quidditch pitch, suddenly discovered that there had been gradually 
   Hogwarts most popular professors
    recently. Gilderoy Lockhart, in the name of 
   , actually walked together with their mortal enemy, Draco Malfoy.If he only saw this situation in the corridor or next to the classroom, Ron would gloat and guess whether Malfoy made some mistakes in class and was detained by the professor for inspection.But Ron didn't feel like Malfoy's nose was about to go up to the sky, and Lockhart's attitude towards him was not like a student who made a mistake, but more like a long-lost brother-in-law. My nephew went out to play together.But no matter what, no matter how strong Ron's Ah Q spirit was, he couldn't deceive himself that these two were just a simple teacher-student relationship.He wanted to follow, but gave up after thinking about it - he didn't dare to follow Lockhart.Although Ron has never read Lockhart's book, if there is a person who tells you about Lockhart's deeds every day when you copy your homework, he will also remember what this person has done, such as anti-vampire stalking .In the evening, he told the other two friends about it, and their reaction was not beyond Ron's expectation.
   Professor Lockhart and Malfoy? What are they doing together?
    Harry asked sensitively.
   Who knows, anyway, looking at the smug look on Malfoy's face, it must not be a good thing.
   Ron looked a little bored—as the first professor to affirm his value, he didn't want Lockhart to have anything to do with the Malfoys.Harry inadvertently guessed the truth:    Isn't this what Snape threatened him to do? Otherwise, they shouldn't know each other. Wasn't Lockhart a Ravenclaw before?
   Ron's reaction was fine, but Hermione closed the book with a bang.
   We have to investigate this matter,
    she said to the two.Chapter 46 The pure blood with interests firstThe feeling of the Iron Triangle is not wrong. The reason why Lockhart found Malfoy was to solve the problem raised by Dumbledore.Obviously, there is absolutely no way the goblins would let Lockhart into the Lestrange family vault, no matter how much money Lockhart's brother-in-law made for them, because it involved the lifeblood of Gringotts.In other words, if you want to open the Lestrange family's vault peacefully, you can only let Bella do it herself.But here comes the problem—not to mention that Bella is currently unable to get out of Azkaban, even if she is allowed to come out, she probably won't obediently lead everyone there.The next step is a very simple reasoning - if he wants to get Hufflepuff's gold cup: he must find a way to trick Bella into handing over the key voluntarily.Thinking of this, the expression on Lockhart's face became more and more friendly, and he bent down to point out the direction of Honey Duke to Draco Malfoy—   That's right there! Honeydukes, the owner, Ambrosio, and I know each other very well. They just recently bought a batch of dragon's milk cheese and made them into cheese candies. We'll round them up later, and then we'll go to the three Join the broom with your father.
   Draco looked elated:    Dragon Milk Cheese!
   
   Yes, imported from Romania.
    Lockhart said with an emphasis.He knew that no member of the Malfoy family would refuse anything related to 
   dragons
   .It can be said that the Malfoy family has an obsession with great power, or worship of power, in the blood of generations. That's why such a family of political scumbags was created.They will help whoever is strong.And after this worship of power is transferred to the realm of magical creatures, it is the Malfoy family's love for the most powerful magical creature 
   dragon
   .Draco Malfoy once ran into Hagrid raising a Norwegian Ridgeback in the first grade (the plot of 
   Sorcerer's Stone
   ). According to common sense, his relationship with the Iron Triangle and Hagrid can be said to be 
   enemies
   . With such a good opportunity, it is reasonable for him to report to the school and even the Ministry of Magic.But Draco Malfoy did not do this. Instead, he chose to hide it against common sense, and has been secretly paying attention to the little dragon. Even when Potter and the others wanted to send the little dragon away overnight, he chose to violate the curfew to watch Instead of reporting directly to the professor, it can be seen that his love for dragons is indeed deep, even surpassing his hatred for the Iron Triangle.As for his father Lucius Malfoy, the same is true, not to mention that the name of his son Drac was originally derived from the word 
   Dragn
   , the first moment he bought the plane, he also wanted to The way is to paint it to look like a dragon.However, although these loves are deep enough, they still cannot be compared with Draco's grandfather—Abraxas Malfoy died of dragon plague and syphilis.Because the microbes like dragon plague syphilis usually only grow in 
   that part
    of the female dragon, so how can I say...President Haima and the blue-eyed white dragon are just a stalk for the time being, but Malfoy's grandfather really treats the dragon as a wife.(Of course, People’s Literature Publishing House translated it into Dragon Sore Pox. This is to protect the physical and mental health of Chinese children. It is the same as Lavender Brown’s 
   Uranus
   . Everyone should thank Uncle Ma)In Honeydukes, Lockhart fulfilled his promise, rounded up all the dragon milk cheese candies for Malfoy, and asked him to bring a lot of other candies back to his classmates before finally coming to the Three Broomsticks.
   ...Nothing, Draco! I'll leave it to you in Slytherin, second yearBoth the students and the first-year students are led by you, the sooner the authority is established, the better, don’t wait until the fifth grade becomes the prefect...
   While talking, Lockhart pushed open the shop door: Lucius and Snape were already waiting at a table in the corner, and Lucius Malfoy's face was full of displeasure.   Why are you here so late? Draco?
    Lucius scolded his son in front of the two, 
   Look what's in your pocket?sugar? Io you actually oo for this
   Seeing Draco's pale face, Lockhart quickly smoothed things over.
   Come on, Mr. Malfoy, Draco hurried over to make rounds after hearing that the Honeydukes had just imported a batch of dragon's milk cheese from Romania. Besides, our matter is not complicated, and we can finish talking soon.
   Hearing that there was dragon milk cheese, Lucius' expression turned slightly better:    Indeed, things like that shouldn't be thrown away in candy stores, but there must always be a priority in doing things! Originally, I wanted him to sit in, but he already His actions proved his immaturity, so...
   
   Why bother? If the child is not allowed to sit in, when should he mature?
    Lockhart continued to speak for Draco, 
   He is already 12 years old, and I have already started writing to girls at his age. Love poem.
   Seeing that the professor also spoke for himself, Draco managed to squeeze out a smile while he was relieved, hoping that his father would be more accommodating.Lucius didn't really intend to do this in the first place, and seeing Lockhart stepping down the steps, he was happy to push the boat along.
   Then sit by the side and listen carefully, don't interrupt casually!
   After warning his son, Lucius turned to Lockhart again, assuming a negotiating posture.
   Severus told me all about Mr. Lockhart, I heard that you recently came from MaI made a lot of money from Gua, and even hooked up the goblin?I think we should be able to exchange some information. 
   
   Yeah, I think so too.
    Lockhart looked very straightforward, 
   After learning from Professor Snape that you also have investments in Muggles, I was really surprised.Lucius didn't know if Lockhart was surprised, but Draco couldn't hide his surprise when he heard that his family had invested in the Muggle world.Lucius gave his son a warning look:    A glorious family should never live on the little land handed down by the ancestors, otherwise the Travers family will end.
   
   That's right!
    Lockhart agreed, 
   I'm very glad to have found a fellow. If it wasn't for Professor Snape's introduction, I'm afraid I would have thought that I was the only one...Is it too arrogant to say so?
   
   Not at all. As long as you continue to understand deeply, you will find that there are not a lot of brains made of elm lumps in this world.
    Lucius said lightly, 
   Gold is right in front of you, but you don't know how to earn it.
    There are too many people, and they are still complaining every day that God does not give them a chance.
   
   Opportunities are only reserved for those who are prepared.
    Lockhart echoed, 
   It seems that even though the opportunities have come out now, those who are incapable just can't make the money, or are afraid of it because they don't know anything about it.
    risks of.
   Hearing this, Lucius finally sat upright in his crooked chair.
   
   Appreciate further details. 
   He said.[Picture: I have entered the palace! ]P.So wow ha ha ha!I hit the palace!Grandpa is also a man with a provincial card!It's really not easy. I played with a bunch of level 10 cards, and my blood volume was only 3800. Seeing Director Tickle's 4800 blood volume and level 17 Time Converter and Poison Horn Beast coming over, I am very happy. Cut on the spot and forced _ (: 3JZ) _Chapter 47PartnersLockhart's proposal was to invest in oil fields.He knows that the price of oil will rise slowly in the next few years and will not stop until the Asian financial crisis in 97, so investing in oil fields can be said to be a sure profit.After all, even a guy like Pompeo who loses everything can make money from Koch Industries' oil wells in South America, so who else can't?   As far as I know, South Africa will return to the Commonwealth of Nations in the next few years, and their mining industry will also be reopened to Great Britain. And there is a basin in their country that has been proven to have oil and gas reserves, but the amount is not known.Maybe the Muggle technology is not yet able to detect the size of the oil and gas deposits there, but it is not difficult for us and the goblins—the goblins have long had the ability to explore mineral veins.If we scout out the location early, buy the land and plant a well, it could bring us money...and status for decades to come. 
   Lucius Malfoy was well aware of the role of oil in Muggle life, so he didn't ask some stupid questions, but this also meant that he was even more difficult to fool around.
   It sounds good, but there are still risks.
    Lucius thought for a while and said, 
   The main risk still comes from the political situation, and the early development of an oil well requires a lot of investment.
   
   If you can bring in a few more people, then the risk we need to take will be much smaller.
    Lockhart advised him.
   It's impossible.
    Lucius shook his head as a sign of regret:    Although I hate to say that about my friend, those who just said are not very likely to earn goldAmong the people, my old friends account for the vast majority of them. 
   Lockhart did not expect him to be so frank:    It is understandable that inheritance is often more important than pioneering, and sometimes conservatism may not necessarily lose to innovation.
   
   It's great that you can understand this.
    Lucius turned the empty wine glass in his hand unhurriedly, as if looking for words:    It is not advisable to develop for the sake of development, as long as some people are responsible for it Well, until it proves to be a total failure, the most sensible choice for most people should be to continue to follow the rulesLockhart was amused—it turned out that this guy was also worried that others would steal his business
   Some people are responsible for pioneering... For example, you, right? I heard that many pure-blood families are accepting your support. There are not many good people like you.
   Lockhart directly exposed this: to show that he was not ignorant of pure-blood families.Lucius didn't deny it either:    It's too ugly to say
    almsgiving. Everyone has a time when their cash flow is not working. After all, the land output does not take care of people's mood. It will only be used when people need money. grow crops. 
   Rosmerta brought the best whiskey in the store, put it on the table, and walked out in a hurry, before leaving, he even gave Lockhart a wink.Lockhart hurriedly picked up the bottle and poured himself and Lucius, pretending that he hadn't noticed anything.
   I have kept this bottle of wine for a long time... It is said that it was brewed by the Ogden family before Duke Gordon's tax reform. Rao, malt whiskey was taxed at that time, and this bottle of wine can be bought for only 15 silver Sickles Yes. But after 180 years of ice-covered storage, if this thing is sold now, the price may have exceeded 900 galleons, and the value has increased by more than 1000 times.Although it is true that some people are not good at management, or can't manage it, but I seeTo the point where they would rather put their money in the vault than take it out and let it increase in value, so that no matter how many years, there are still as many things as before, not even as good as this bottle of wine... Wouldn't it hurt you to see this situation ? 
   After fighting for a long time, Lockhart felt that it was time, so he directly stated his real intention.Lucius seemed to be tired of this rambling:    I've always been a hardworking person. If there is something that I need to do for my companions, I usually won't refuse.
   Lockhart smiled:    So, you must also not want to see several sums of gold sleeping in Gringotts, and their masters may never be able to pick them up in person, which will make those goblins cheaper for nothing.
   Lucius thought for a while before he understood what he meant:    Hmm...it's really a pity, but unless they themselves are willing, I can't do anything even if I want to help them.
   
   Yeah, unless they themselves are willing to... toast you.
    Lockhart held up the glass.On the way back, Snape, who had been silent all afternoon, finally spoke. 
   You want to use Lucius to open their vault?
    he asked.Lockhart shrugged:    Of course, I can't think of any good alternatives.
   Then you will be disappointed... The Lestrange couple, Yaxley, and the Carrow brothers and sisters, they have never trusted Malfoy very much. If it wasn't for the Dark Lord to restrain them, they might fight themselves ’” Snape sneered.He expected to see anxiety on Lockhart's face, but Lockhart smiled wider
   That's even better, until I
    and you and Malfoy will be free from any responsibility. said Lockhart.Snape frowned: What do you mean?Isn't it what you just said, you want to go to prison with him?    
   Yes, and no.
    Lockhart dodged his question.
   you oo
   At this time, Lockhart played tricks:    It's better for you not to know about this matter, so that if the mysterious person comes back in the future, you can be confident when you testify falsely.
   Rao Snape never liked to inquire about other people's affairs, so he was also a little annoyed at this time.
   I'm also the person involved, thank you.
    Snape said coldly, 
   And Dumbledore is still waiting to answer, do you want me to go back and tell him that nothing has progressed, and I don't know anything?
   
   Let's just say I'll get this done before Christmas,
    Lockhart said too much. 
   Let me keep a little secret.
   
   is it?
   After saying this, Snape suddenly calmed down again, as if he had thought of something.
   In this case, I don't think I need to keep my hand in the Dueling Club tomorrow night.
    He said.Lockhart was startled:    Really? I can't beat you now.
   Snape sneered:    Just kidding, you are the omnipotent Gilderoy Lockhart, how could you lose to an ordinary potions professor in full view?
   When talking about 
   under the eyes of everyone
   , Snape also emphasized his tone, obviously trying to disgust Lockhart on purpose.Lockhart immediately displayed the quality that a big civil servant should have at this time—second counsel
   …Severus, I think there is something we can talk about again.
   
   There's nothing to talk about, you'd better take care of your wand when you go back today
   Speak up, reputation is very important to me.
   Snape said nothing:    Me too, thank you. To be able to defeat Gilderoy Lockhart in public, this is such a great opportunity to make a name for yourself.
   Lockhart suddenly realized that it was necessary for him to prepare for the duel tomorrow night.
   
   
Chapter 24   
   
   Chapter 48 Daddy MalfoyOn the other hand, just after Snape and Lockhart left, Draco had a rare chat with his father outside for a while, taking advantage of his father's good mood.
   Draco, what do you think of today's events?
    Lucius began to ask questions.Draco Malfoy gulped down:    
   Uh...looks like they really want the support of our pure-blood family, Dad. 
   Lucius sneered:    Don't tell me you've been on the sidelines for so long, and you only came to this conclusion. We knew this before he came to us. If you were only five years old this year, maybe I would praise you, but You are already in school...
   Draco was anxious:    Of course... Lockhart is trying to curry favor with me and our family. He wants to use us to achieve his own goals...Maybe to seize the property of those people in Azkaban? Maybe... Buy people's hearts?
   Lucius gently shook the wine bottle that Lockhart left behind, in a good mood—or prostitution for nothing always makes people happy:    Sit down, Draco.oo can think of these already Very good, but these are not worth thinking about.”Seeing that his father was not angry, Draco finally relaxed a little, and acted like he was listening—he knew that his father must have something to say when he left him on purpose.Sure enough, Lucius put down his glass and took out another cigar, crossing his legs -- a sign of his relaxed state of mind.
   You can't look at a person just by what he says, Draco. Of course he is showing us his favor by introducing his investment channels. But you have to think carefully... there are many rich people in this world, why should he Find us.
   Draco was stumped, but luckily Lucius didn't expect him to answer the question.
   ...I have been thinking about what kind of uniqueness we have to him, so that he can actively share his wealth-making channels. Although everyone loves money and power, you can see that his attitude has always been in the same way. A very equal attitude is speaking to us, without the slightest attempt to achieve these things through us...
   
   So he has other plans.
    Draco finally understood.Seeing his son being so successful, Lucius was very satisfied:    I didn't understand it all the time, but it wasn't until he encouraged us to visit the prison that I was sure that it was what he wanted, not money.
   Draco half understood:    So what should we do, Dad? Deny? Or... hold on to this and ask for more benefits?
   Wu also expected that we would not refuse. 
   Lucius said, 
   He has never publicly denied the rumors about him making a lot of money. This must be telling our family. He must very much hope that we will blackmail him for money.So in this case, it's not a good idea to play tricks—because the more pushy we are, the more responsibility or price we have to bear. 
   
   The price? What price?
    Draco asked sensitively.
   Good question, interesting question is interesting here - we don't know what we're going to pay because we don't even know what they want.Although I'm pretty sure they're willing to pay more for it, sometimes, 
   not the best harvest is good luck
    Why take the risk to get more when we can get a lot of good without bothering? Don't forget, the Malfoys never fail.
   Draco could only nod his head, 
   Yes, Dad.
   
   Just figure it out...Draco, you did a good job this time, and you must continue to maintain a close relationship with the school professor. In addition, this semester, you must be very disciplined and stop being in the limelight, so that if something happens No one will suspect you when the incident happened. If you can't even make you a little bit more peaceful, I willThey can be taken back.
   No, Dad, just training takes me a lot of time every day.
    Draco said quickly
   Very good, this way we even have an alibi. Also, we need to spend more time on homework... Is that Mudblood still the first in your grade? Don't you know what shame is?
   Draco Malfoy was speechless, but when he thought of Hermione Granger's performance in his homework, it was difficult for him to have the determination to compete with her in this regard.Fortunately, Lucius is in a great mood now, and there is no real intention to force him to spend 17 hours a day on study.So Draco drank the butter beer cautiously, took care of his father's emotions and said something appropriate to the situation, and sure enough, Lucius didn't mention his study problems again.But before leaving, Draco finally couldn't hold back his curiosity and asked the question he had been wanting to ask just now.
   Uh, Dad, is our family...really investing in Muggles?
    he asked cautiously.Lucius glanced at him.
   Don't ask such stupid questions, Draco, the source of the Malfoy family's power is wealth, and who stipulates where we should get wealth.
   Draco's long-standing doubts were finally answered, but he didn't feel relieved.The theory of sending blood first
    and the spirit of pragmatism inherited by the Malfoy family, these two things have been swinging in the balance in his mind, and he can't tell the priority. At this moment, his father is finally on the sidelines Put down a heavy not to code.If 
   Pure Blood Primacy
    is only part of the pragmatism, so whatIs it unavailable?After being taught a lesson, Draco Malfoy returned to school in despair accompanied by his father.He originally wanted to take the opportunity to visit Hogsmeade in advance, but it fell through because of his father's relationship.But this does not prevent him from using the candy he bought from Honeydukes to show off his 
   hands and eyes
    in the lower grades, and 
   As long as I want, there are professors who are willing to take me to Hogsmeade to buy things at any time, A ban means nothing to me
   As for Lucius' warning of 
   don't be in the limelight
   , he has long ignored it. 
   Keep a low profile
    is really too difficult for a 12-year-old boyHermione finally used this to find out what she wanted to know.
   Case solved, nothing major at all, Professor Lockhart just took him to Hogsmeade to buy candy,
    she said to Harry and Ron.Ron was disappointed:    Why did you just take him...I mean, he went out on purpose, just to do such a boring thing? 
   Hermione gave him a warning look. 
   It's definitely not the only thing, and Malfoy came back with his dad - I bet the professor met Lucius Malfoy.
   It's fine if she doesn't say anything. After saying this, the other two became more vigilant.
   Well, first Snape, now Malfoy and his dad...Professor Lockhart seems to be determined to hook up with the guy over there,
    said Ron.
   Don't talk nonsense.
    Hermione stood firmly on Lockhart's side. 
   He has fought more dark wizards than all the students combined, and he is also a half-breed himself.
   Ron disagreed:    You just protect him! Tell you, no matter what others saySay, I will never...
   Just then, a person crawled into the Gryffindor lounge.The visitor scanned around, and then saw Ron Weasley, who was spitting out his mouth.
   Ron!
    Neville Longbottom yelled to the three people by the fireplace, 
   Professor Lockhart asked me to tell you to go to him tomorrow morning and he will take you to Diagon Alley to buy a new Wand, he said he couldn't tolerate your wand continuing to cause accidents in class.
   Ron turned around quickly, knelt down in his chair, and looked at Neville from the armrest at such a speed that Harry wondered if his neck would be broken.
   I hear you, Neville!
    Ron yelled, 
   but I don't have any money.
   
   He said that he can lend it to you first, but you will join the security team from next month, and go to maintain the order of the duel club at night, which is considered a work-study program.
   
   No problem, it's a trivial matter, I will definitely go.
   Ron turned back, and continued chatting against Hermione's condemning gaze:   ...What did you say just now? Ah, yes, we need to find out how Snape and Lucius confuse the professor...
   Hermione looked contemptuous:    I didn't expect you to be so considerate of him.
   Chapter 49 Banking ProcessesThe next morning, Lockhart took Ron and Neville to Ollivander and bought them each a new wand.The material of the wands of these two people is somewhat beyond Lockhart's expectations. Neville is made of cherry wood, but Ron's new wand is actually made of willow, which does not match Lockhart's impression of Ron. .According to Ollivander, willow wands are usually used by 
   wizards with great ambitions
   , but Lockhart can't see how this kid has any 
   great ambitions
   If he remembered correctly, he was the only one in the Iron Triangle who gave up his job at the Ministry of Magic and returned to Diagon Alley to help his brother's magic workshop. What kind of 
   big ambition
    is this?Perhaps in Lockhart's eyes, as long as he is not a politician or a scholar, it is not considered 
   big ambition
   , right?After getting the new wand, Ron couldn't put it down. This may be the first time since he was born to use something new, not something his brothers eliminated.Neville, on the other hand, was a little timid, as if he didn't think he was entitled to have a wand of his own.As a typical person whose thoughts follow the senses, Ron has neither Harry's emotional intelligence nor Hermione's scheming. When he has doubts in his mind, he just speaks out.Professor, I heard that you have gotten very close to the Malfoy family recently?They're not good people, and my dad said they were the ones who provided the money when You-Know-Who was in power. 
   
   I've heard about it, too,
    admitted Lockhart, 
   but you should knowOne of the important sources of funding for the Ministry of Magic is also donations from the Malfoy family, he said.Ron curled his lips:    Yeah, and then his family used the money to amend the law, the laws he doesn't want to pass can only be shelved indefinitely... You don't want to ask them too, do you? 
   
   A person who is interested in politics, who can get rid of the influence of the Malfoy family?
    Lockhart sighed, 
   After teaching you for a year, I will go to the Ministry of Magic to work with your father as a colleague, to I
    There will only be more time to deal with them than there are now.If it weren't for Professor Snape, I wouldn't even see him in my position. 
   
   Only for one year?
    Ron's focus was obviously not on the latter sentence.Lockhart looked at him strangely:    Why... do you think I can resist the curse left by the mysterious man?
   
   It's not that... I mean, Harry and I thought the curse would be too bad.Tricky, but Hermione says you can get rid of that little trick any time you wantplay.Ron told the truth.
   It's great that Ms. Xingge Erjie has such confidence in me, but unfortunately, this is not true.
    Lockhart couldn't laugh or cry.Although his mouth was a bit clumsy, Neville didn't know what to say at the right time under the influence of his grandma:    That's a pity, Fred and George like you very much...so do we.
   
   Don't be sorry, I'm going to the Ministry of Magic, and I'm not unemployed... Wait for me here, and I'm going to talk to a few acquaintances in Gringotts.
   After putting Ron and Neville in the cold drink shop, Lockhart came to Gringotts.When the goblin Griphook on duty saw him, he said the ugly words first:    Well, Mr. Lockhart.
   The general manager has already said that if what you want to talk about is still what you said in the last letter, we can only tell you with regret.
   Lockhart interrupted him:    If those wizards write their own letters of authorization and have the key to the vault, can they be considered present in person?
   Griphook was tolerated by him, but he was not angry.
   That depends on how authorized the authorization letter is.
   
   Full power.
   
   Then we can only meet the needs of customers... But I must remind you that we goblins have magical tricks in distinguishing signatures that you humans do not know. Not only can we judge whether it is an autograph, but even Can distinguish whether it is a voluntary signing—not to mention coercion, even things like the Imperius Curse and Love Potion cannot be concealed.
   It was the first time that Lockhart knew this:    I didn't intend to use those things against prisoners, I just came to confirm your workflow, now I know. oo thank you.
   
   You're welcome. In fact, if you can do it, we would be happy to see that money re-enter circulation. There are too many dead deposits in our bank, which is not conducive to the development of the bank.
    Griphook said.
   Oh? You realize?
    Lockhart was overjoyed.
   This is what your brother-in-law Mr. William Russell said. Mr. Raguenot appreciates him very much and has exchanged a lot of financial views with him.
   
   It's great, the times are still developing,
    Lockhart said.Griphook glanced at him to confirm that he was not being sarcastic, then shrugged and continued to examine the purity of the gemstone in front of him.After listening to Ron's 
   straight ball wins
   , Hermione almost wanted to shoot him and beat him up.
   Why did you ask so directly?
    she said angrily. 
   Now Professor Lockhart knows we're asking about him.
   Ron didn't think it was a thing:    So what? At least we are nowKnowing that he has indeed hooked up with Malfoy, and the purpose is to enter the Ministry of Magic, saves us a lot of time to guess. 
   Seeing that the two were about to quarrel again, Harry hurriedly smoothed things over.
   Anyway, Ron did find out something, and we now know that Professor Lockhart will only be there for a year.
   Sure enough, Hermione was immediately distracted.She lay down on the table, frowning:    I thought he could break the curse.
   Ron was honest:    Isn't this normal? I said a long time ago that no one can fight against the mysterious man except Dumbledore. If even Dumbledore can't break the curse, Lockhart can't.
   Hermione glared at him again:    They're just good at different magic.
   Harry was cleaning his broomstick when he heard Hermione's words and suddenly remembered something.
   By the way, Professor Lockhart is best at defensive magic?
    he asked.
   Psychology.
    Hermione replied without hesitation.
   for example?
   Hermione counted her fingers while counting:    Confusion Curse, Oblivion Curse, Disillusionment Curse, Sleeping Curse... I remember he used the Encouragement Charm on the first grade, that's what Colin said. Fred also said , Professor Lockhart guided him to invent a 
   Daydream Charm
   Ah, by the way, the fifth graders also said that Professor Lockhart is very familiar with the happiness spell, because they often feel a lot of pressure for review reasons... There may be other things, but I don't know too well not much. 
   Both Harry and Ron looked at her stupidly.
   What's wrong.
   Enough already, and you still remember it all so clearly. 
   Ron complainedHermione was furious:    You know, I have always had a good memory, and I can take notes, unlike you.
   Harry saw that Ron seemed to want to say something more, so he quickly cut off the topic before they had an argument.
   
   
Chapter 25   
   
   
   It turned out to be spiritual spells, but these spells... don't seem to be very suitable for duels?
    He pretended to be curious about it.Hermione was finally asked.
   Anyway, I'll find out tonight,
    she said.Chapter 50 Defensive duel extracurricular classWith much anticipation, Lockhart's Dueling Club finally opened.Although tired after Quidditch practice, Harry and his two companions came to the Dueling Club after dinner.Because he was covered in mud and water after training, he was just taken to the office by Filch on the charge of 
   polluring the castle
   . If it wasn't for the help of the ghost 
   Nearly Headless Nick
    who encouraged Peeves to make trouble for Filch, Harry probably wouldn't have had the chance to peek at evidence that Filch was a Squib.In the end, the matter of him occupying the dirty castle
    was of course nothing, but he also owed Nick a grown-up... a big ghost, and had to agree to attend his death party on Halloween in exchange.But from the present point of view, his hard work is worth it.After dinner, the four long tables in the auditorium disappeared into the air, and two bright lights appeared on the ground, outlining the shapes of the two venues.At the same time, the ceiling of the auditorium also changed from the usual starry sky map to silver, and two protective covers like transparent eggshells were thrown to the middle of the auditorium, covering the two venues.Seeing this situation, the students became excited—no matter what the content of the duel tonight was, anyway, just watching this battle was worth the price of admission.The number of people in the auditorium became more and more, and the voices of students' discussions became louder and louder. At this time, the auditorium that was usually only occupied during meals suddenly became full of people, as noisy as a large fresh market.And it wasn't just the students who came, even Professor McGonagall, Professor Kettleburn and several other Hogwarts faculty members also came to the scene, and it seemed that they were ready to watch.When the noise reached its peak, Lockhart and Snape finally appeared in the auditorium.
   Ladies and gentlemen, good night everyone!
    Lockhart greeted everyone.Everyone responded to him very eagerly:    Good night, Professor Lockhart!
   Unlike at the beginning of the semester when he was only sought after by girls, now Lockhart can be said to be popular in all aspects.Leaving aside Ravenclaw, they must support the teacher from their own college. Gryffindor's little lion also prefers a lively classroom atmosphere and content. Hufflepuff is satisfied with Lockhart's equal treatment, and Slater Lin also wisely chose not to cause trouble for him after he bought 
   real power figures
    like the prefect and Malfoy.It is a good thing to be supported by students, but it may be that Lockhart has made himself an 
   adventure master
    too full, so that students have an unrealistic perception of his strength.Of course, this may also have something to do with his popularity—you see that Snape also appeared here, but apart from the Slytherin students, no one greeted him, didn't he?What's more, some fearless lion cubs boldly yelled at Lockhart a few more times.
   Come on, beat Snape to the ground, Professor Lockhart!
   ——I don't know if it's because they are all sixth and seventh graders, and because they didn't pass the potions class, they dare to be so presumptuous.After hearing this speech of fear of chaos, Lockhart smiled a little forcedly - he didn't need to look to know that Snape behind him must be sneering.It seems that this duel can't be solved by 
   disarming you
   .As if guessing his thoughts, Snape took a few steps and came to his side直|
   The headmaster said it was too late for Christmas and he wanted you to start right awayAlthough he has already made preparations, Lockhart is still pretending to be reserved:    If I make a move right away, can you keep it later on stage?
   
   No, those are two different things, you should talk to the headmaster.
    Snape replied without thinking.Lockhart looked helpless:    Really so merciless? I ordered a lot of medicine from you.
   
   Thank God, I almost forgot if you didn't tell me. If I beat you to a concussion and forget about it, then the shipment would not have to be handed over.
   Lockhart knew he was joking in his own way - because Felicia was already doing it.As many students had revealed, Snape's office had been simmering with Felicia.Jokes are jokes, fights still have to be fought.As the students gradually gathered in the center of the auditorium, the members of the security team that Lockhart hired from the work-study students were all in place, ready to start their workBefore starting, Lockhart cast a spell over his throat.
   Sound Loud (Snrus).
   Then he cleared his throat and confirmed that his voice was indeed amplified before starting his speech tonight.
   Little ladies and gentlemen, welcome to the duel club run by me. Here, I suggest that you put aside your usual gentlemanly and ladylike demeanor for a while, and show more heroism and elegance.Originally, it was just my whim to organize this club, but Principal DumbledoreAll the deans and colleagues are very interested in this idea and have given me a lot of help. Therefore, this club, which was originally opened when the school was closed due to heavy snow, was opened in advance. Here I would like to express my gratitude to everyone... Thanks! 
   As he spoke, he bowed in the direction of several professors watching from the outside, and those professors also stood up and bowed back to him.After saluting, Lockhart turned to the students in the audience.
   Since everyone is willing to join us, in order to avoid accidental damage and unfriendly magic, I must announce the duel rules to everyone in advance——The purpose of the duel is to promote everyone's ability to fight against black magic, not to provide a place for everyone to resolve personal grievances, so the first one is to not use lethal spells above the stun spell during the duel.Although there are no restrictions on practical functional spells and transfiguration, they must stop before causing any substantial damage to the opponent.In addition to the dagger, anyone who wants to duel must apply to the security team. The duel can only start after the security team approves the venue, and must wear a protective helmet and anti-magic contact lenses before going on stage;Second, each person is only allowed to initiate one duel per day, and only when both parties agree to it.If you win, you can get 3 points, if you tie, you can get 1 point, and if you lose, you can get T points, but you can only get points if you challenge people in the same grade or higher grades.One month before the end of the period, the top eight will be selected according to the total score.Of course, in order to avoid the appearance of 
   grabbing points
   , after being reminded by Mr. Percy Weasley, we have added some restrictions to the points rules, such as the prohibition of consecutive challenges to the loser, and the conditions for refusing challenges, etc. , you can find it on the bulletin boards in the public rooms of the major colleges.There is also the third one: during the duel process, you must absolutely obey the referee's judgment. If you have any doubts about the referee's judgment, you can submit an arbitration to the teacher on duty that night, but once the arbitration is final, it cannot be changed.Ok, any more questions?If there is no problem, I will be with myHis assistant, Professor Snape, had a friendly discussion and showed everyone how to play a duel!In order to take care of the students in the lower grades, we have agreed not to use silent spells, but to recite all the spells. I believe you will be able to enjoy a wonderful decisive battleChapter 51 DuelUnder the expectant eyes of everyone, Lockhart and Snape stood on the carpet in the center of the auditorium one after another, and opened their postures.   The ground lifts,
    Lockhart ordered.So with a rumbling sound, the floor tiles outlined by the light curtain lifted up by about half a meter, forming a venue that was different from other areas.This was also part of Hogwarts' defense system, and if Lockhart hadn't obtained permission from the headmaster, he wouldn't be able to use it.Many people are confused by the 
   school
    attribute of Hogwarts, thinking that all kinds of institutions in the school are just for novelty and fun, but they forget that Hogwarts is first and foremost a 
   magic castle
   : secondly, it is a    magic castle
    Magic School
   If the enemy invades the school, the moving stairs, the ubiquitous secret passages and organs, and the randomly changing terrain will become the attacker's nightmare. The four founders simply use everything when designing these insidious defense systems extremeUnfortunately or fortunately, since Hogwarts was built, this defense system was rarely used.Their greatest function is to make it difficult for students to commute to and from class, and for night parties like Fred and George to 
   explore the secrets
   .It was precisely because he had studied at Hogwarts that Voldemort knew how tricky the defense system of Hogwarts was, so in the final Battle of Hogwarts, he only dared to besiege outside the school and did not dare to order food Dead Apostles attack.He hoped that Harry Potter would die by himself, or that the teachers and students would give up the favorable terrain and rush out, and then use Harry's body to disintegrate the will of the teachers and students guarding the school.Although he was almost successful, from another perspective, if Harry hadn't come to die, how many Death Eaters would be left after Hogwarts was captured? I'm afraid Voldemort himself didn't know the answer to this question.Being able to use such a defense system by himself felt very novel to Lockhart, even if it was just one of the castle's many defense systems. .He can feel that as long as he wants, he can even use part of the magic power of the auditorium to protect himself during the duel, but doing so is tantamount to cheating, and he can't do it openly, because the principal will find out.After clearing a large area, Lockhart and Snape stood at opposite ends of the stage and drew their wands.It's not that Lockhart doesn't want to shoot the wand first, but the rule of wizard duels is that both sides must hold wands to salute before the start of the duel, and it can only start after the referee announces the start, so this little trick has to be saved for later. use.The chief referee of this duel is Professor Flitwick, the former duel champion, and the chief referee on stage is Percy Weasley. Several seniors are responsible for maintaining order, while Ron, Colin, Malfoy Waiting for a few lower grades is to be responsible for recording the record.Being able to serve as the referee in such a 
   big event
   , and all participants must obey his authority, Percy has a sense of accomplishment.Although the edge of the dueling platform was protected, Percy put on a protective helmet and anti-magic contact lenses just to be cautious, so as not to spread the flying spells to himself.
   Both parties please come forward and salute.
    He tried to keep his voice as flat as possible, as if he often hosted such events.Lockhart immediately took a step forward, raised his wand with his right hand, swiped it obliquely in front of him, and bowed slightly.Snape also drew out his wand, but he seemed a little impatient. He just shook the flowers with his wand, then nodded, which was regarded as a salute.
   This duel is a friendly duel. It is forbidden to use lethal spells that are more powerful than the stun spell.After being subdued by any means, the other party cannot continue to add spells.If both parties agree to such a rule, please nod your head. ' came Percy's voice again.Both sides nodded at him together, indicating that they had heard it.
   Very good, please get in position... get ready! Three, two, one, let's go!
   Percy perfectly fulfilled his duties as a referee. Seeing that both sides were ready, he quickly withdrew from the protective circle and announced the start of the duel.Following the sound of 
   start
   , a transparent light curtain instantly appeared around the venue, covering the two people in the venue.And Snape was not ambiguous, after Percy shouted 
   Start
   , the wand in his hand jerked, and quickly slashed a downward right angle in the air.
   Expelliar!
   Although Snape didn't expect this simple spell to be effective, but when he actually read the spell, he knew that he would definitely not be able to hit it.Because a great force came from the front of his robe, and he was torn apart.It wasn't until this moment that Lockhart's voice of incantation reached his ears:   Clothes Flying (Acci)!
   In the end Snape's disarming spell failed to hit anyone, and the red light hit the star and moon pattern on the carpet between Lockhart and Snape.But Snape was well-trained after all, after losing control of his body for a moment, he immediately reacted, and regained his stability, raising his wand in Lockhart's direction.However, what caught his eyes was not Lockhart, but a rolling mass of gray1=1=1/~ILockhart's figure is long gone, only a soft voice 
   cloud mist misty (Nebulus) belatedly poured into Snape's ear.
   Little trick...
    Snape stared at the big cloud of fog in front of him, and muttered to himself:    Cloud curse withdrawal (Meteljinx_Recant)-
   It's a pity that this incantation also failed to be recited successfully, and Snape was interrupted by a voice from the mist just after half of the recitation.
   Thousands of bullets (ppugn) Io
   .I saw 8 golden birds coming out of the clouds and swooping towards Snape.Snape had to stop reciting the Anti-Cloud Curse and switched to another spell
   Armor Protection (Prteg)!
   As the spell was uttered, a small transparent shield appeared on the tip of Snape's staff, blocking the flying golden birds one by one.It's just that these golden birds are not just simple magic condensates. When they explode, they will also cause a heavy blow to the enemy that is equivalent to a wizard's punch.So Snape just blocked it, but didn't fully absorb the impact it brought.The matter was far from over, and before Snape had time to relieve his sore right arm, Lockhart's next attack came again.
   Avis!
   Looking at a flock of pigeons flying out of the fog, Snape gritted his teeth and decided to take a risk.The left and right are just a flock of birds, so they shouldn't cause much harm to themselves
   Ventus!
    Snape yelled.He changed his strategy in time and chose to use a short spell—the Hurricane CurseTo get rid of his predicament, if he was still trying to see the tricks, he didn't know when he would be able to read a standard counter-curse.It wasn't until now that Snape wondered why Lockhart suggested 
   reading all the spells for the students to hear
    before the duel, if he had used silent spells in the first place, there probably wouldn't have been so many thing.There are not many skills, but there are many calculations!Snape cursed inwardly.Since you can't directly withdraw the opponent's cloud curse, then blow it away!His strategy of changing in time was successful, and after a gust of wind blasted from the tip of his staff, Lockhart gradually revealed himself in the clouds.At this time, he was squatting in the corner of the duel stage without any image. If the wind hadn't blown away the clouds and mist, Snape would never have imagined that he would nest there. Middle Lockhart.Cunning guy, but now that it's been exposed, it will be easy, Snape thought.However, Lockhart would not stand still, and at the same time Snape successfully released the Hurricane Curse, his counterattack also arrived.He stood up straight, facing the strong wind, and before Snape canceled the spell, he pointed at his head and drew a word.
   Phantom Tablet (Dur)!
   Because he was pointing at a higher position, Snape instinctively looked over his head.I saw that the flock of birds that Lockhart had summoned just now were not blown away by the hurricane, but took advantage of Snape's gust of wind and flew up to Snape's head.
   
   
Chapter 26   
   
   And the targets of Lockhart's Hardening Curse were precisely them—these birds immediately became stiff after being shrouded in the Hardening Curse, and turned into plaster statues, smashing down at Snape.Snape shrank his head subconsciously, and wanted to use the flying technique of transforming into black smoke, escape from this area.But he immediately remembered that this was not only a silent spell, but also an out-and-out black magic, which was very unsuitable to show in front of students.He had to take a few hard hits before casting the best protective spell he could think of for the situation.
   Protect all (Prteg_Ttalum)!Although he couldn't defend against all the 
   plaster birds
    in time, Snape's basic skills were not bad, and he finally conjured up the blue protective shield to cover his whole body before he was severely injured.After being hit a few times for no reason, Snape is really angry now.He quickly raised his wand and aimed at the position where Lockhart was squatting just now, but found that it was shrouded in a cloud of fog again, and after his Hurricane Curse stopped, the fog on the field was thicker than before Not a lot.He was thinking too much, how could Lockhart do nothing when he put the shield on?
   Come out! Let me see what tricks you have!
    Snape exclaimed angrily.Lockhart's voice came out of the mist:    You'll see, Severus, I promise.
   Chapter 52 Desperate StareAlthough Lockhart and Snape have only fought each other for a few rounds from the beginning, the process has already opened the eyes of the students.They could see clearly—Professor Lockhart has been playing against Professor Snape from the beginning to the present, and Professor Snape has suffered a lot.The Weasley twins in Gryffindor expressed great regret:    If Professor Lockhart didn't use the Hardening Curse just now, but used a thunderbolt explosion to attach to those pigeons, then we can go up and help Snape clean up now. Broken corpses in pieces.oo what a pity.
   That made the Slytherins glare at them.There are also some fourth graders who can't understand Lockhart's opening move:    I remember, isn't the Flying Curse not allowed to be used on living things? Except for the brainless ones like Flobber caterpillars? Could it be...Snape The professor also...
   Hermione just heard this sentence, so she replied excitedly:    It's true, but the object of Professor Lockhart's spell should be Snape's robe, as long as Snape hasn't cast a spell on the robe. anti-stealing spell, it can be grabbed by the flying spellThe senior suddenly realized:    So that's it... It seems that we also need to cast an anti-stealing spell on our clothes before the duel.
   Unlike the little wizards who were still talking about spells, Professor McGonagall and Professor Flitwick who were on the sidelines were out-and-out masters, and they could see more things than those little wizards.
   It seems that the kid Lockhart really gave up on transfiguration... All the actions he did just now can be solved with transfiguration.
    Professor McGonagall said with a sad faceTeaching a good student is certainly the pride of all the professors at Hogwarts, but if the good student doesn't learn anything from him, the teacher probably won't feel very good, just like seeing himself A student who fails a course wins a Nobel Prize.Flitwick expressed a different opinion:    But the perfect rhythm makes up for the inefficiency. In a duel, strength is of course necessary, but rhythm is often more important than strength.
   After all, Lockhart is also from Ravenclaw, and he needs to help his own people in public and private.Seeing Lockhart hiding in the mist and throwing two blazing flames at Snape's protective shield from time to time, Flitwick's approval far outweighed his disapproval.
   Look, the spells he's used from the beginning until now have never exceeded three syllables... I remember that at the beginning of the duel, the flying spell he used had only one consonant, which gave him the upper hand .After occupying an early advantage point, he was not in a hurry to expand his advantage, and gave Severus a chance to solve two spells with one spell. Instead, he acted at the node where Severus exerted his strength... He can clearly take advantage of the victory now , but he chose to hide himself first. Even in those days, this kind of opponent belonged to the type of opponent that I had a headache.Severus fell behind at the beginning, so he is now tired of playing tricks. oo If he can't get out of Gildero's rhythm as soon as possible, then he will only get deeper and deeper in the future.
    Even if he stronger. 
   Professor McGonagall shook his head:    The winner is stronger, not the stronger.
   As if to confirm Professor Flitwick's statement, while Snape was clearing the fog, Lockhart used a weather spell - and this was the longest spell he had ever recited.He conjured up a dark cloud, and let it keep firing at Snape's shieldWith thunder and lightning.Now everyone can clearly see the difference in magic power between the two: Although the lightning of the Weather Curse is not weak, the bombardment on Snape's protective shield failed to destroy it immediately, but made it glow for a while and become dim Quite a lot.But even so, it would be a matter of time before the defense was breached. To be cautious, Snape still had to withdraw from the protective cover for the time being—and he had to walk away.Snape felt very aggrieved that he could neither Apparate nor turn into black smoke.As if trying to annoy him on purpose, Lockhart pointed at the dark cloud above his head and cast another copy spell.   Copy double (Gemin)!
   Snape couldn't bear it anymore, and swung a stun spell in the direction of the sound -- 
   Stupefy!However, there was no response to the spell after it was submerged in the clouds, just like a pebble thrown into the seaThere was a 
   dong
    sound, which was the sound of the magic spell hitting the protective cover of the field.Apparently, Snape's spell had failed.- Remember that the spell did not have the desired effect, and Snape lost a piece of magic power and the time for chanting the spell in vain.Lockhart immediately added insult to injury:    Confusion (Cnfund)!Hearing the chanting of the Confusion Curse, Snape's heart rang alarm bells, and he immediately lifted his spirits and activated his own Occlumency.It's just that the expected attack didn't come, and Snape held his breath but didn't notice anything unusual.This is... a spellcasting failure?Snape couldn't help thinking.Before he could think about it, he suddenly discovered that the fog in front of him had actually changed.I saw that cloud of mist gradually condensed into a solid body, and transformed into a woman's face - the face of a woman whom Snape had been thinking about day and night.
   Severus...
    the face in the mist parted, 
   I beg you... huhbenefit... protect...
   Although these words were intermittent, Snape, who saw this face, stood there in shock, unable to move.The students in the audience were simply baffled—they didn't understand why Snape, who had been fighting back and forth with Lockhart, suddenly stopped his movements.Two small thunderbolts worked together, and finally shattered the shield released by Snape. Immediately, with the roar of victory, the two dark clouds floated slowly towards Snape from the air.The Slytherin students panicked:    Professor Snape! Be careful!
   For a split second, Lockhart thought he had won the duel.But Snape took a deep breath and closed his eyes.When he opened his eyes again, there was already something different in his eyes, and the mist in front of him seemed to have changed back to its original appearance, which could no longer arouse a wave in his heart.
   Impedimenta
    Snape called, pointing to the two dark clouds in the sky.The advancing trend of the two dark clouds came to an abrupt end, like cotton candy held by an invisible big hand, unable to move at once.
   So that's how it is...not attacking from outside the brain, but using hints to detonate the memory deep in the brain...very good...
   Seeing that his Confusion Curse was broken by Snape, Lockhart simply confessed.
   Do you like it? I call it 
   Unnerving_Gaze.
    His slightly flirtatious voice came out.The dumplings are very good. said Snape. 
   I'm mad.
    
   Chapter 53 Field LockdownObstacle spells could not block weather spells for too long. Looking at the two dark clouds approaching in the sky, and Lockhart hiding in the clouds again, Snape found himself in a predicament.Although the copying spell is just a simple spell, as long as the caster doesn't take the initiative to end it, it can continue theoretically as long as the supply of magic power is not interrupted.He also realized that if this continues, there will only be more and more spells 
   left behind
    by Lockhart in the duel arena, and his own space for movement will only become less and less, and he will never be able to hit directly with spells. other side.If he wanted to win, he had to use a powerful spell to smash the 
   field
    laid down by Lockhart and use it to fight back.Up to now, almost all of Snape's reactions were expected by Lockhart, and Snape's being forced into such a situation was also the result of his elaborate design.In order not to lose face, he carefully 
   reviewed
    all of Snape's achievements, and found that he was not invulnerable.It is undoubtedly stupid to attack directly with the mental magic that he is good at, not to mention Snape's excellent Occlumency level, he is no stranger to Legilimency and Memory Extraction.Even if he is mortally wounded, he can extract his own memory and give it to Harry - if such a person is not good at spiritual magic, Lockhart himself would not believe itAs for confronting Lockhart head-on, he never even thought about it. In 
   Half-Blood Prince
   , Harry faced Snape head-on, but was forced by Legilimency and the anti-curse in advance to even an effective attack. He couldn't fight, but when faced with the siege of McGonagall, who was 
   no one can fight in the daytime
   , and Flitwick, the 
   Duel Champion
   , Snape could still slip away calmly.If Loha's monster and I Wenzhong Khan face head-to-head with umbrella abilities, then he willNot worthy of being called Ravenclaw.However, Snape was not without weaknesses, and this also gave Lockhart an opportunity to take advantage of.For example, his physical fitness is not good, he lacks exercise, his reaction is slow, and his vision is not enough H—JL/Although he has a good record in frontal combat, he is often more vulnerable to sneak attacks from other directions because he is concentrating on one thing.If it is excusable to be attacked by Nagini, then in the 
   Battle of the Seven Potters
   , it is completely an unforced error that he can miss another target when he casts a spell, not to mention Hermione could sneak up on him in first year and set his robes on fire.In short, although it is strong, it is not yet that kind of unsolvable strength. As long as the restrictions are in place, it is not impossible for him to win.
   Severus, admit defeat, I don't want to embarrass you.
    Lockhart's voice came from the cloud of fog, and the room was full of forgiveness! ?/p>But such 
   persuasion to capitulate
    actually aroused Snape's competitive spirit.Indeed, Lockhart still has a cloud spell and two weather spells left on the field, and the large iron armor spell he left in the center has been broken. If he wants to make a comeback, he must use a spell to undo Lockhart three spells would do, and it couldn't be black magic.Unfortunately, I happen to know such a spell.Thinking of this, Snape raised his wand.
   Enough of the demonstration indeed, it's time for the students to see what happens when they play a little trick - Mbili-hasurus!
   Before the Obstacle Charm was blasted by the Weather Charm, Snape quickly got out of the gap and launched a counterattack.Following Snape's chanting sound, seven or eight thick iron chains emerged from his body, and twisted like a python.And Lockhart's weather spell also quickly foundReached two of the chains and bombarded them.Unfortunately, it did exactly what Snape wanted - he was using it as a lightning rod in the first place.The chains bombarded by small lightnings were connected to the ground at one end, drawing all the current in the air down, and forming two electric fields around them.Although this also blocked Snape's retreat path in disguise, but Snape didn't care.Not to mention the limited power of the weather spell, and even his dignity does not allow him to retreat at this time, he only needs to hold the two pieces of the weather spell with chains.
   Rush in and find him!
    Snape pointed at the voice that Lockhart had just made in the mist.The iron chains seemed to have spirituality. After hearing Snape's order, they swam like poisonous snakes in an S-shape and quickly rushed over in different directions.Snape was not stupid either, he knew that Lockhart would not stay where he was after he finished speaking, so he let them split up so that no matter which chain met Lockhart, it would wrap him up and end fighting.Even if the chain was attacked, Snape could use it to know Lockhart's exact location.It is indeed possible to solve three spells with one spell.Fortunately, I got this chain dance spell from the Byzantine 
   torture cage
    when I was addicted to black magic, Snape secretly thanked himself.But to his surprise, the few chains that got into the clouds did not find any trace of Lockhart—he seemed to disappear suddenly!Did he sneak off the stage?Snape hesitated.However, at this moment, the Slytherin students watching the battle from the audience all let out an exclamation.
   Professor, back!
   Flint yelled, trying to alert their dean.It's a pity that it was too late, a figure with crackling lightning sparks all over his body suddenly jumped out from behind Snape, and before Snape could react, he pressed his wand against his back.Snape's body froze instantly.Seeing this, Percy Weasley picked up his wand, pointed at the small clock beside him, and rang it.
   The winner has been decided! The first duel between age groups in the 1992-1993 season, the winner is Defense Against the Dark Arts professor Gilderoy Lockhart.
   Although he was a bit embarrassed, Lockhart now had a smile on his face that he was done.
   It seems that you must not have watched my first-year class... This is what was taught in the first class.
    He said proudly, and at the same time, he exhaled a series of black smoke rings from his mouth.It's a pity that Lockhart's current appearance doesn't match his pride—the robe on his body was torn to shreds by electric sparks, his upper body was almost completely exposed, and even the golden curly hair that he had been carefully maintaining was scorched. It was a mess, and the whole person looked in a mess.From the looks alone, Snape looked more like a winner.Looking at the muscles exposed on Lockhart's body, most of the witches in the audience acted like ladies, covering their eyes politely, but the width of their fingers was almost enough to run a horse.There was an injury cost, but it was all worth it, because Lockhart had won.According to the duel rules, if one party is forced close by the other party's wand and has no obvious counterattack action, it is considered to have been subdued—because in actual combat, as long as it reaches this point, basically any small curse can knock down a master, Sne Pu is no exceptionSnape was unwilling to do so, but Lockhart had indeed won, so he could only raise his right hand and insert his wand back into his robe to admit defeat.I never thought you would do this. He squeezed out such a sentence from his teeth, 
   Have you been preparing for a long time?
    
   
   Don't say that, it's just luck this time, it's not bad to win once out of ten times.
   
   
Chapter 27   
   
   After winning, Lockhart seemed in a great mood, even though he was still injured.
   How about doing it again?
    Snape was obviously not convinced.Lockhart accepted it as soon as he saw it, and resolutely rejected him:    It is enough for us to demonstrate once. It is best for the students to do the demonstration next.
   
   What's that strapped to your arm?
    Snape asked, looking at the metallic luster beneath his forearm.
   A gizmo that ejects wands...but I didn't use it today.
   Lockhart retracted his wand while talking, and then saluted the students who started to cheer from the audience.
   Thank you, thank you! Can someone fetch me a large school gown, this gown is so damaged that it looks like it can't be repaired with a restoration spell, it's lilac color, it's my favorite... Miss Fawcett ,Thank you!
   Although he was still very personable, Lockhart's ceremony was a bit comical due to the lack of clothing, but no one cared.The girl who sent the school gown up blushed, lowered her head and stuffed the gown into his hand before running off the stage, almost twisting her foot.
   Very ingenious tactics! Professor Lockhart must have used the Phonograph and Disillusionment Charms in the mist, and then used Snape's mental blind spot to rush out from what he thought was an impossible position. This kind of negative embodiment of enfeoffment consciousness, even though I was injured...
    Hermione explained Lockhart's actions to the two friends.But neither Ron nor Harry cared about that.
   Here you are.
    Harry hastily pulled out his handkerchief and handed it to HermioneHermione took the handkerchief subconsciously, but at the same time she was a little puzzled.
   What do you give me this for?
    she asked.Ron pointed to her face:    Wipe the nosebleed, Hermione.
    It seems that girls in this age group are indeed more mature.Chapter 54 The savior's housekeeper's unique skill-disarming you one by oneWhile the students were still discussing the duel just now, Lockhart hurriedly dressed, wiped his face, and used his bird snake egg yolk conditioner to style his hair.The head can be broken, the blood can flow, and the demeanor cannot be lost.He then received a simple treatment before reappearing in the arena with Snape.
   Thanks for Professor Snape's cooperation, I think we have demonstrated enough just now—everyone should use their skills, spells, and all available means to subdue your opponent on the duel ring, and try to avoid giving them a blow.
    The opponent causes irreversible damage.As for the spells and skills that Professor Snape and I showed in the duel just now, I don’t want to talk about it now. You can think about it after you go back. If you don’t understand, you can go to class or go to Professor Flitwick or McGonagall. the professor asked.I just want to say one thing—in order to take care of the viewing of the duel, we didn't do anything serious. I hope you don't think that this is all about the duel.Okay, let’s get down to business. I believe that most of the people who have obtained the membership of the Dueling Club’s “inside test” are already here. I would like to invite two students to come on stage and give a demonstration. I think the duel between them may be more typical. Fortunately, you two have dueling experience. Mr. Diggory, you...
   Snape remained silent after losing the duel, pretending to be a wooden man, and only interrupted when he heard this.
   I don't think there is any need for senior students to demonstrate, because they have already learned a lot of spells. If they can cast silent spells, then their duels can't serve as a demonstration either. Mr. Potter, and Mr. Malfoy ...what do you think 0
   Seeing that Snape looked like if you don't agree, we'll have another match immediately, Lockhart decided not to show signs of Snape in such a trivial matter.
   Good idea, both of them are the top seekers among the students, their physical agility and coordination are far superior to the two of us, and with their current level of magic power, it is difficult to cast a curse that hurts people, I believe their duel It can bring us something new,
    Lockhart said.Harry knew he would not be able to escape this sooner or later - he could not have come to the Dueling Club, but on the one hand it was Lockhart's invitation, and on the other hand it was because Ron had been urging him to duel Malfoy after he knew about it, and There are also a lot of little jinxes about the Weasley family.
   You've seen the Slug Curse, and the Bat-Spirit Curse - it turns Malfoy's nose hairs into giant bats that come out of his nose. If you're not satisfied, I have wrinkle ear curse...
   Ron certainly gave Harry a lot of confidence, but it must be admitted that whether it was Snape's threat, Lockhart's hope, or Ron's instigation, it could only be regarded as an external cause for Harry.The real reason why he came to the duel is only known to him-that is to beat Malfoy hard, to get revenge for the last time Malfoy called Hermione 
   Mudblood
   And from Malfoy's eyes, he could see that the other party must have come with the same purpose.
   Come on, come here and stand up! Put on your helmet or hood, and put on the contact lenses and protective clothing I gave you...
   Draco Malfoy looked at the old protective suit, and seemed a little disgusted
   It's ugly, can I not wear this cloak? He can't hurt me anyway,
    he said to Lockhart.Lockhart refused without hesitation:    No, for you juniorsThat said, sometimes misused spells and mispronounced spells are more dangerous.If anyone accidentally blows up the opponent's penis with an explosion or something. oo Well, I can only tell you that although Madam Pomfrey is good at healing, she is a very decent woman, so it is not very Proficient in all 
   that
    shapes, the new one that grows will most likely not be the same as your original one...
   Amidst the roar of laughter from the students in the audience, both Harry and Malfoy felt cold for no reason.They didn't raise any objections, put on the protective clothing obediently, and carefully checked the protection of vital parts.
   I'm going to have Dad get some new ones over here.
   Looking at the slightly dull dragon skin on the protective suit, Malfoy muttered in a low voice.He was about to go on stage, but before going on stage, he was held back by a man:   Draco, come here.
   Snape called Malfoy aside and began to explain the situation face to face.His bottom line is that as long as Harry is not seriously injured, Snape is also happy to let Harry suffer a little bit, because it makes him feel like revenge on James Potter—who made Harry Harry looked so much like his dad.Seeing that Snape actually gave Malfoy a temporary slap in the face, Harry would be lying if he said he was not panicking.In his opinion, among the five people who hated Harry Potter the most in the world, Malfoy and Snape must be on the list.When they got together, the discussion was either how to embarrass themselves or how to murder themselves.He immediately turned his eyes to Lockhart for help, meaning that he hoped that he could also teach him two hands.Since Lockhart had just defeated Snape (as Harry saw it), then Lockhart must have taught better things than Snape.Lockhart couldn't help laughing when he saw him staring at him eagerly.
   Don't worry, even if Professor Snape is willing to temporarily teach Mr. Malfoy some advanced dark arts, Mr. Malfoy can't learn it in just a few breaths. Curse,
    he said to Harry.Harry's tension still did not ease:    So, can you teach me a little jinx?
   
   …absolutely okay.
   Lockhart realized that he had made a mistake just now—that is, he failed to get Snape to finish reading 
   Your Weapons.
    But it's too big.
   ...that's it, use your wand to draw a right angle in the air from left to right, and then from top to bottom—you can do it with a quick swing of the arm when you are proficient, and then the spell is (ExpelliarmusJ, is
    to expel ' and 
   weapon
    are two Latin derivatives, the accent is on the second sound... Do you understand? The effect is to disarm all the weapons in the target's hands. If the emotion is filled with anger, an additional knock-up effect will be added .”In order to make up for his mistakes, Lockhart this time can be described as a nanny-style teaching, he read every detail of the disarming spell, trying to lay a good foundation for the savior.But Lockhart obviously thought too much—no matter how brilliant Harry and Malfoy might be in the future, they were just two second-year students, and even if they temporarily learned some minor curses from their own channels, their level was still at that level.And the following farce-like 
   duel
    did prove that Lockhart's conjecture was true.Chapter 55 The beginning of the mage melee styleMaybe it was because the spell suited him naturally, or maybe it was because the enemy was imminent, and Harry learned the spell 
   I have no weapons
    so fast that the wand glowed red after just the first trial.
   It worked!
    Harry said happily.Because they did it in a corner, Lockhart blocked it with his body, and outsiders couldn't see it at all.Lockhart was also a little surprised: Uh, very good, if you are more confident in your skills, you can try to keep an eye on the movement of Mr. Malfoy's wand, first avoid his movements in the middle distance, and then use the magic spell to counterattack .If you want to put more pressure on him, you can also try to approach him actively...   
   Why?
    Harry asked curiously.Because you Gryffindors are rich in melee coins - Lockhart thought.Not to mention that Gryffindor, the founder of the academy, is a master of swords, and Sirius and Lupine's melee performance is far better than that of spell fighting. If you count the generation of 
   Sword Master
    Neville, it will be even more.If you consider that Harry defeated Quirrell in hand-to-hand combat and killed Tom's diary with his fangs, the Triwizard Tournament was also full of various physical skills... It can only be said that the little lions are even more advanced in the development and use of their bodies. As far as spells are concerned, Hermione is the odd kind.
   Increasing the enemy's forced mistakes.
    Lockhart didn't explain too much, 
   And the first spell at the beginning should be as short as possible. It's just to buy time for you to recite the second spell, understand?
   Judging by Harry's expression, he seemed to understand Lockhart's words as 
   threatening Malfoy
   
   I see, Professor.
   After a while, Harry and Draco stood on the stage one after another, raised their wands, and began to salute each other under Percy's instructions.As he approached, Malfoy lowered his voice and squeezed out a sentence through his teeth.■■
   It's still too late to admit defeat, I won't embarrass you too much.
   
   Dream!
    Harry gritted his teeth and answered him.The two waved their wands forward at the same time, and then neither of them bowed, and they stood at the two ends of the dueling field.Just when Percy finished reading the rules of the game and began to shout the countdown, Malfoy didn't wait for him to finish shouting 
   three
   , but yelled directly at Harry.
   Spiders!Several spiders immediately ejected from the tip of Malfoy's staff, and fell to the ground through the air.This was Snape's new strategy—whether or not Harry would use the Flying Curse like Lockhart to get ahead, and seven or eight spiders would pop out to form a barrage, and no spells would be able to hit Malfoy.Harry didn't have time to criticize the other party's preemption, and he didn't hear Percy's voice of 
   Mr. Malfoy, your violation will invalidate your score in this game
   , but subconsciously released the little trick he had prepared.
   Avis!
   With a bang on the tip of Harry's wand, five or six little birds also flew into the sky from the tip of his wand.Seeing this scene, Snape frowned.Although there was no prior appointment, Harry's and Draco's opening strategies were very similar: they both used summoning to confuse their opponents while making time for their own next spell.between.Tsk... That guy Lockhart really doesn't seem to be hiding anything.Snape thought.Little did he know, however, that this was just Harry's own making - he was just instinctively using the shortest spell he knew.Leaving aside the thoughts of everyone present, the situation on the field is still developing.The little birds summoned by Harry just flew out from the tip of the stick, and they found the crawling spiders on the ground within a short distance. They were overjoyed and rushed straight down. They took the spiders in their mouths and swallowed them. down.There was a burst of laughter from the audience—the opening was so comical that the audience couldn't help but laugh.Although they had already eaten a big dish just now, watching the duel between the little wizards is not a dessert after dinner, so everyone still did not disperse.It now appears that they were right.Malfoy and Harry were also caught off guard by the unexpected situation, but they didn't have much time to hesitate.And looking at the appearance of those birds, they don't seem to have any intention of going up again in a short time, so they shouldn't hinder anyone anymore.Harry made a decisive decision and immediately used the spell that Lockhart had just taught: Mangyou_BukoukouI   Wu Fei!Malfoy's reaction wasn't too slow either, he was a Seeker after all, and Snape had just taught him how to do it.
   Langlck!
    Malfoy yelled, also pointing his wand at Harry.Snape got inspiration from the contest with Lockhart just now - Harry and Malfoy are not in sixth grade yet, neither can speak the silent spell, so they just need to silence each other, and they can only do nothing.So he put the tongue-locking spell he invented when he was in school (Half-Blood Prince's Potions Lesson)It is recorded in the book) taught Draco Malfoy. As for the spell 
   Silence and Breathlessness
   , it is very likely that Draco's current academic ability cannot be accelerated, so Snape automatically ignored it.It's just a tongue-locking charm, so that it won't cause any substantial damage to Harry, and it's extremely insulting to see that James Potter face stunned, unable to cast spells, and making a fool of himself in public - Snape felt like a genius when he taught Malfoy the spell.The two little ghosts shot spells at each other. If Voldemort and Harry were facing each other at this moment, the two spells would probably be connected together and become the effect of a flashback spell.But Malfoy's and Harry's wands were not brother wands, so after the two spells crossed, they both bombarded their opponents firmly.Malfoy was staggered by the blow, and the wand in his hand flew up and landed in the middle of the duel arena.And Harry suddenly found that his entire tongue was stuck to his upper lip, so that he couldn't say a single spell.Although Malfoy was disarmed, he also knew that Harry couldn't cast spells at this time, so he quickly stabilized his figure and went to pick up his wand.Seeing his actions, Harry knew something was wrong—if Malfoy was allowed to pick up his wand, then he, who was unable to cast spells, would have to let the other party do what he did, and his fate would probably not be worse than being sent a shouting letter in public .So Harry simply moved too.He took two steps in three steps, stepped on his wand before Malfoy, and punched Malfoy in the face hard.The 12-year-old kid wasn't very strong. After being punched, Malfoy just let out a wail, and then rushed forward again, not to be outdone, and got into a ball with Harry.Chapter 56 farce endingHarry and Draco fought each other with fists and kicks. It could be said that the new and old hatreds were counted together, and neither of them held back.The bird, which had just finished eating the spider, was standing on the ground digesting it, but was startled into flight by the way they writhed and tumbled as they wrestled.Because the esophagus of birds is relatively short, they have the desire to excrete immediately after eating the spider. At this time, they were surprised by the two, and they were eager to pull out all the thin feces that affected their body weight.The rain of bird droppings that fell one after another immediately drenched the heads of the two little devils—Harry's crooked glasses were covered with yellow and white bird droppings, and Malfoy's mouth was also poured—a smelly thing into it .Even though they were so embarrassed, the two were still fighting.It's more important to beat the face of the person in front of you with ketchup than to be drenched in bird droppings.Seeing this situation, Lockhart and Snape had no choice but to intervene.
   
   
Chapter 28   
   
   
   Stop, stop!
    Lockhart yelled, 
   This is a magical duel, not a Muggle wrestling ring!
   But it was useless, Malfoy was holding Harry's neck with one hand, not daring to let go.And Harry also grabbed Malfoy's other arm, using the strength of his elbow joint, to snap it back forcefully—this was a move that Dudley Dursley used to use against him often, and there was no way to escape easily.Neither of them could stop.Seeing this, Snape simply took out his wand, and directed at the two of them, 
   Let your strength loose!
   Harry's and Malfoy's bodies softened at the same time, and the force that restrained their opponents also disappeared. The two separated in unison, and then lay down on both sides, pantingI'm out of breath.Lockhart and Snape stepped forward quickly, helping Harry and Malfoy up respectively.
   The spell stopped! Cleaned up! Healed as before!
   Lockhart first lifted Harry's Locking Curse, then helped him clean up the bird droppings on his body, and finally healed his swollen eye sockets and bruised neck. Snape also Did pretty much the same thing.Neither of them blamed these two brats. What happened just now was inevitable in a sense. When they decided on this duel strategy, things could only continue to develop in this direction. They didn't make any wrong choices.Seeing that they were all right, Professor McGonagall and Professor Flitwick, who had already stood up, sat down again.The students in the audience were applauding all the time, whether it was Gryffindor or Slytherin, because they had just enjoyed a 
   fierce
    duel, even though both sides only said two spells.
   For the first time, your performance is not bad.
    Lockhart praised Harry, 
   And you are also very smart. At that time, switching to hand-to-hand combat was the best choice.
   Harry smiled embarrassedly:    It's a pity that I didn't win.
   
   It doesn't matter, there are points for a draw, and considering Mr. Malfoy's violation of the rules at the beginning, the points for this game should be counted for you... I will go and talk to Percy about it later.
   
   Huh? Already started scoring points?
    Harry was taken aback.
   Every match will be strictly recorded, including the spells and actions used by both sides—Percy knows ESP spells.
    Lockhart explained, 
   So you just scored 3 points...
   
   I don't think so,
    Snape interjected beside him.Obviously, he had heard what Lockhart had just said.
   Of course violations don't count as points. Mr. Malfoy's failure is his own fault, and we have nothing to say about it. But the result of this duel is a draw, no matter what happens in the middle, it's a draw.
    , so Porter can only get - points at most.
   A draw? Mr. Malfoy has lost his wand, so according to the rules, it should be a loss.
    Lockhart pointed to the rules board on the sidelines. .Mr Fenden Potter could no longer cast spells, and from the point of view of a wizard who could not cast spells silently, it was no different from losing his wand. ' Snape retortedLockhart was right.
   Strictly speaking, there is nothing wrong with what you said. Rules are rules... Percy, add one point to Mr. Potter, but no points to Mr. Malfoy!
   
   I heard that, Professor!
    Percy replied solemnly. 
   I have already noted down the second duel in the 1992-1993 school year, Mr. Potter in the second grade against Mr. Malfoy. The result was a draw, but Because Mr. Malfoy has violated the rules, no points will be awarded, and Mr. Potter will add one point.
   Lockhart gave Percy a thumbs up approvingly, then walked back to the center of the dueling ring and cleared his throat.
   Okay, after the demonstration by me, Professor Snape, Mr. Potter and Mr. Malfoy, everyone should have a clear idea of ​​what a duel is all about, so you can just follow along—I mean, except for the last one. Apart from hand-to-hand combat, this is not a locker room, so wrestling is prohibited.
   Although he couldn't understand the last stalk, there was still a burst of laughter from the audience, which made Malfoy and Harry feel like they were sitting on pins and needles.Seeing the lively atmosphere, Lockhart lost no time in announcing the opening of the Dueling Club...if you're sure you've figured it out, go to Percy WeasleyApply for a duel there, sir!You can choose one-on-one, one-on-one, or two-on-two, find your assistant, challenge your opponent, and come when you are ready—I announce that the duel club is officially opened! 
   There was thunderous cheers from the audience.The little lions of Gryffindor seemed impatient, and rushed to Percy without saying a word, applying for a duel with the Slytherins, and most of them named them by name.Just when they were watching others duel, they were already eager to try.And the little snakes who had a feud with them for a long time did not show any weakness, they would not allow themselves to lose to Gryffindor in anything related to the sense of honor, especially since they believed that they had a long history of family education and knew a lot of magic spells when.The people in the Eagle Academy were also a little bit moved, but after seeing this situation, they decided to take it easy.They are mainly curious, not to fight for anything, and they don't want to use duel as a means of resolving personal grievances.They seem to be more willing to invite friends to have a duel to test new spells in their spare time.The people in Hufflepuff regard it as a kind of team building, so they behave more Buddhistly.Why are you beating life and death like that? Wouldn't it be good for everyone to meet up to play two games on weekends, drink some drinks after the games, and then stay where they are and wait for dinner?Anyway, our Guanyuan dormitory is the closest to the cafeteria—I mean the auditorium.The Lion Court and the Snake Court rushed to Percy's side, asking them to arrange a duel for themselves, and both asked to arrange their own rounds first.Lockhart later heard Percy say that that day 
   it was already booked two weeks later in one night.
   
   But I guess most of them are just looking for novelty and making a fuss. It is impossible to have perseverance in this matter.
    Percy disapproved.If it weren't for the reputation of 
   hosting the game
   , he would not come to do this kind of thing, because he thinks it is pointless.Chapter 57 Only masters can use polymorphSeeing the students eager to duel, Professor McGonagall was both happy and a little disappointed—because she didn't see a single one using Transfiguration.On the way back, she couldn't help talking to Professor Flitwick about tonight's duel.
   Everything is fine for the duel tonight, but...do they really not know that Transfiguration can be used in combat?
    she asked Flitwick.Flitwick is well aware of the key point:    You are too demanding of them, Minerva, not everyone can use Transfiguration for combat, that requires too much concentration, and from combat In itself, the price/performance ratio is not worth it.”
   Cost-effective? I don't understand what you mean, Felius.
    Professor McGonagall was even more puzzled. 
   If Transfiguration is used in battle, it must be the most powerful.
   
   I don't object to the point of 
   the most powerful
   , but when a person is dueling, he needs to consider not only how to use the appropriate magic according to the appropriate time, terrain, climate, and the state of his opponent, but also the changes in the scene. Having teammates also involves too much of their attention.To be honest, it is not bad for a person to be able to pay attention to these two points at the same time, not to mention that Transfiguration also takes up a lot of their concentration, such as water prison, fire ring, and giving the dead objects agility. energy to maintain their existence.
   I don't think it's so difficult.
    Professor McGonagall tilted his head and said, 
   It's enough to divide my mind into three parts. I can even use four parts. I can draw a square with my left hand, a circle with my right hand, and a circle with my left foot.
    Pentagram, just kick another Quaffle with your right foot.
   Flitwick nodded in agreement:    It's really not difficult for us, but if we have the ability to divide into three, four, or even sevenfold like the Mysterious Man and Dumbledore,Force, so why not use it for multicasting?Using a silent spell to launch a dozen different spells in one breath, the effect is much faster than maintaining one or two polymorphs. 
   Professor McGonagall finally understood:    It turns out that this is the price/performance ratio you mentioned...even if it isA master who is proficient in transfiguration combat, in actual combat he will also choose to use small spells to shoot minions. 
   
   Yes, that's what I mean. Only duels between magic masters and magic masters are necessary to use the transformation technique, because ordinary spells will no longer work on them. The transformation technique increases the upper limit of combat power, not the width .” The dueling champion Flitwick made a conclusion.
   That is to say, it is impossible for me to see Transfiguration in the students' duel.
    Professor McGonagall was even more disappointed.
   This is a high-probability event. I am thankful that they can master silent casting before graduation. Even Lockhart has graduated for more than ten years and has experienced so many adventures. I think he has mastered a second spell.
    Recast the spell, and it's very stiff, and I guess it was done by a trick.
    Professor Flitwick made a look of being helpless.They walked farther and farther, and did not say goodbye to each other until the boundary between the two towers.They still have student assignments to approve and can't waste too much time.If Lockhart had heard their conversation just now, he might have been terrified on the spot.Because what Flitwick said is indeed correct, his double spellcasting skills come from the blank soul of the original owner Lockhart, after he merged into that soul, he injected some mechanical instructions into it, so that he can use fake spells. o The skill of double casting.—Some small spells that he guessed he would use frequently in the future, such as the Disillusionment Curse, Confusion Curse, Forgetting Curse, and a series of small magic spells such as blinding eyes and slowing the mind. trigger.This technique allowed him to use Disillusionment and Phonograph spells to cover himself while Snape was casting the Chain Dance Curse, but it was too late to add an anti-shock spell to himself.: That's why I won such embarrassment.He thought it was covered by the sound of thunder and cloud mist, and no one would have noticed it. It's a pity that there was a Flitwick who was good at perception and had the blood of a goblin at the scene.Sometimes life is so helpless, geniuses are often pretentious, but in the end they will find that their so-called    talents
    are all within the knowledge and experience of those old guys-this is really scary .Snape, for example, was already very talented in potions, and his level was at the top of the magic world.But when he relied on his talent to improve the potion with great difficulty, those improvements could be explained by the old walrus Slughorn, and he explained the ingredients or steps of the improvement, The same goes for Hermione, Lily, and Harry in Potions.The distance between a 
   master
    and a 
   legend
    is likely to be farther than that between a genius and a mortal, and at this time Lockhart may have just left the novice zone.In any case, after this duel, one of Lockhart's original intentions for establishing the Dueling Club was considered complete.From now on, he only needs to keep an eye on the standings, and then draw all duelists from all grades into his circle.Hogwarts in October was almost rainy all the time. Except for the Gryffindor Quidditch team who still insisted on training every day, the other three houses all stopped outdoor activities, and even the herbal medicine Classes were suspended once.Now that outdoor activities are no longer possible, Hogwarts students can only turn the battlefield from outdoors to indoors if they want to relieve their boredom.Even the sixth or seventh graders who were just starting to love each other and spent their days in the woods together had to risk their date in an empty classroom.In this case, the Dueling Club quickly took Hogwarts by storm.When everyone is bored after dinner, the most common thing to do is to invite a few acquaintances—or friends, or deadly enemies—to go to the auditorium for 
   heart-to-heart talks
   Even people who don't want to fight will go to the auditorium to watch other people duel when they are bored, and use the duel that night as the talk of the next day.After two weeks, as Percy Weasley expected, dueling fever had been popular among the students for a while, and finally it slowly cooled down. Except for a dozen regular visitors to the dueling field, most of them Students seem to be using it as a recreational pastime, like Quidditch.However, this was completely within Lockhart's expectations, or he was very satisfied that he could achieve this. As long as the duel is not the top priority of the students, they will not pay special attention to this—wait until that person returns. Not necessarily.Among these 
   dull-loving
    people, the Weasley twins are undoubtedly the most conspicuous.Although it is said that in the heads-up duel arena, there have been duelists like Cedric Diggory, but it may be a little controversial to say 
   the strongest
   , because Diggory is not invincible in every battle, and Many of the victorious people were his friends.But in the 2v2 duel arena, the title of 
   best partner
    has lost its suspense. Fred and George can be described as rampant in it, and have even begun to challenge the seventh graders in Slytherin.Maybe those seventh graders can overwhelm them in singles, but in cooperation, the Weasley brothers won. The captain and main batsman of Lytlin Quidditch were sent to the school hospital twice by them.Later, Hogwarts had to come up with a temporary rule - 
   It is forbidden to duel with the Weasley brothers before the Quidditch match and during the class
   , which was also dubbed 
   Wesley by the Gryffindors
   . Lai Clause
   , the two made a big splash againThey were worried that their mother would scold them, but Mrs. Weasley surprisingly said nothing when she heard that this was the club run by Lockhart.
   Don't focus on fighting, learn more from the professor.
    Mrs. Weasley warned them in the letter.Even if it was to deal with their mother, the two of them decided to attend a 
   Weekend Seminar on Dueling Skills
    held by Lockhart.Chapter 58 Fighting against the dark arts is inherently a political issueFollowing what Professor Slughorn did, Lockhart also invited some of the best-performing students these days to his office.
   Strong stems and weak branches,
    Hermione read to the doorknob.After hearing the password, the doorknob of Lockhart's office creaked, and then the door lock popped open, letting them in.Although he has only been in Hogwarts for two months, Lockhart has already used his authority and financial resources to make his office a good place that 
   you can enjoy it just by looking at it (Ron)
    .When she was here last time, Hermione remembered that Lockhart's office door did not have this thing called a 
   screen
   , but this time she almost bumped into it when entering the door.And the crystal chandelier hanging on the ceiling is obviously a Muggle style—the wizarding world still uses candles, or magic lamps in the shape of candles and flames.Furthermore, whether it's the readily available booze, drinks, and refreshments, or the imported sofas, cushions, and rugs from the Muggle side, it makes the room look more like a socialite's club than a teacher's office.Now this 
   Duelers Club
    is full of top dueling students from Hogwarts, and their dueling points are basically in the top three positions in the rankings of each grade.They chatted and ate snacks while they waited for Lockhart to arrive.The house-elf had told them that all drinks and refreshments in the room were free to take, and that Lockhart was out on errands and said he would be back in the afternoon, but I'm afraid he'd have to wait a while longer.Compared with Ron and Harry who were feasting, Hermione was more curious about where Lockhart had gone, but unfortunately no one could answer.After about half an hour, Lockhart hurriedly emerged from the fire in his office and greeted the students who had been waiting for a long time.Everyone has been waiting for a long time!I just went out with the Headmaster to do some errands, and it was trickier than I thought, but finally... oh, thanks, Miss Granger, this is my favorite. 
   
   I know.
    Hermione replied eagerly.She had just managed to save the last plate of English muffins from the gluttons because she knew who liked them.
   Because I'm late today, we don't have much time left, so let's start with today's topic. You are all people who love duels. This club can be said to be for you to show off your skills. And this regular gathering On the one hand, it is for everyone to exchange duel techniques, and on the other hand, it is also to let everyone understand the current situation in the magic world in terms of black magic confrontation, so that everyone can understand the significance of practicing duels...
   Yes, Lockhart is now blatantly instilling his thoughts into the studentsHeart,No matter how unwilling some people are to admit it, the foundation of maintaining a country or regime is still violence, or armed forces.Although administrative organs seem to be only responsible for administration or macro-control of the economy, it is still violence that provides coercive power for these organs.In other words, although there is violence, there may not be a stable regime, but a stable regime must have violence. The phrase 
   magic is power
    that Voldemort later hung out at the Ministry of Magic, to put it bluntly, is actually 
   violence is power.
   Therefore, Fudge allowed Dumbledore to have a higher reputation than himself, allowed him to be in charge of academics and education, and even repeatedly compromised with the political forces of the Lions who admired Dumbledore, but he could not tolerate Dumbledore cultivating his own 
   army
   —he very clear dumbIf Lido really wanted to deal with him, his subordinates wouldn't last a few seconds.And what Lockhart is doing now is to cultivate an 
   army
    that conforms to his own values.
    Even if he won't say that clearly to the outside world, he only says 
   duel technical exchanges
    or 
   eating, drinking and chatting
   If Lockhart was a little worried about doing this before today, then after going to deal with Snape and Dumbledore today, he can do it with confidence and boldly.Because he had done Dumbledore a great favor just now, so he felt a little bit arrogant about his merits. Even if he did a little too much now, Dumbledore would not say anything.For example, right now the Dueling Club is discussing a very disharmonious issue—whether Avada eating a big melon is a hot chicken spell or not.Probably because there were more girls present, Ravenclaw's Roger Davis was eager to express himself, so he made a violent comment on the spot, saying that the forward swing of the Killing Curse was too long and the movements were too obvious. 
   Only people with slow reaction nerves, or when they are attacked by surprise, can be hit
   , 
   But in that case, you can use any spell to sneak attack
   , so 
   the actual combat significance is not great
   And he does have the capital to be proud-as the Quidditch captain of Ravenclaw, his reaction speed and physical tonality are very good, and he is very good at using summoning spells to block opponents' spells, so the winning rate is not high. Low, and the ranking has entered the top four in the grade.But Lockhart was still sweating for this guy—the Killing Curse didn't work, he really was a student, he dared to say anything.But a good teacher should never 
   correct
    students' prejudices roughly, but should let them solve it in practice, so that they will not be so embarrassing when they find out that they are the wrong partyBut Lockhart was sure that the Killing Curse was not a useless spell, even now that he knew how to avoid the problem of the Killing Curse's forward swing.Sure enough, without Lockhart's objection, the senior students have alreadyOne after another began to refute:   How do you know that the dark wizard won't predict your actions?
   
   Don't forget about Apparating, they can Apparate behind you and cast spells.
   
   Anyway, it's an instant death spell, which can permanently reduce the number of Aurors in an instant, so as to reduce obstacles for future battles. I personally think that this is something that spells such as the Stunning Spell can't match anyway, so The Dark Wizard certainly won't give it up.
   Even Hermione expressed a different opinion:    Dark wizards can use time-delay spells such as flying sand and rocks to blow up your summons, and then cast spells on you, they can even use explosions to directly force you out , so they have plenty of time to cast spells—their kills won't be as gentle as our club's.
   Only then did Davis realize that he had made a mistake.Lockhart came out in time to smooth things over, and changed the subject:   
   
Chapter 29   
   
   
   Mr. Davis is actually not wrong, it's just that the duel location he envisioned is on the 
   stage
    instead of 
   contest with Death Eaters
   , so he has this idea...Although it is very necessary to improve our duel skills, but What is more important is why we fight, and with whom we fight.Like me, the reason why I fight against the dark arts is not because I am bored and want to kill myself.It's not because in order to 
   serve justice
   , we have to find an 
   evil
    to come out-if we don't figure this out, we will never know the true meaning of magic.Whether it is black magic or white magic, it is indeed just a tool, but the use of black magic requires the wizard to have evil will or negative emotions to trigger it. The reason why we fight against black magic is, after all, in the fight against human nature the dark side ofI used to think that as long as I traveled around with a magic wand and knocked out all the evil I encountered, I would be victorious, but I found out after a few years that no matter how much I did, darkness and evil still emerge in endlessly, and it can even be said to be unabated. 
   Speaking of this, Lockhart showed a regretful expression, and the expressions of the little wizards also became serious.
   I had to ask myself repeatedly, who is the enemy I'm facing? How can I eliminate the real dark wizard? Until I saw this sentence-
   A good system can turn a bad person into a good person, and a good system can turn a bad person into a good person, and a Bad systems can turn good people into bad too'So if you really want to kill black magic, you have to get rid of it at its root - and I feel like I have a duty to do that.I hope that everyone can think about it when they go back, what is the 
   evil
    you want to eliminate and fight against, and if you are interested in eradicating black magic from the root, you can often come to me and talk to me in the future.
    TestimonialsAfter receiving the notice from the editor to put it on the shelf, Shi cut was stunned for a while, and found that he didn't know what to say.[Figure. Toshiyaguchi on the shelf]It is not the first time that the old author has been on the shelves, and it should not be the case, but this time is different from before, because Shijue is a novel written 
   while playing
   .But the results are better than expected, even better than the previous few previous results./\To be honest, Shijue's current mood is like a fruit farmer who has worked hard to plant more than a dozen trees. When he wants to take a break with a sense of accomplishment, he finds that the dandelions he accidentally blown down have turned into a large field of flowers.Good things are good things, but I'm just a little confused.Although this book also has metaphors and places where it intersects with reality, to be honest, there are very few, so few that they can be ignored, but it may be because of this that it lowers the threshold for reading, right?Thank you for your support!Let’s talk about the update of this book—it’s been three years and three months since the book was written, and the ten cuts haven’t stopped updating for a day during the serialization period. The update is steady but rarely breaks out, mainly because of the Virgo’s compulsion to keep details The cause of the onset of symptoms is not discussed in detail here.The more important reason is that Shijue hopes that he can maintain a relatively relaxed but long-term state to write books, and write until he is 60 years old, so one or two days of explosive updates will appear in the long period of 30 years Insignificant.In addition, Shijiao has to pay attention to his body. Because of the relationship between work and rest, exercise and irregular diet, there are a lot of small problems all over his body. Although the results of the physical examination have not yet come out, it is certain that there must be something wrong with his body. , and the problem is big, panic is useless.Therefore, the ten cuts will neither interrupt the update nor eunuchs, but it is unlikely to explode. I will strictly follow the spirit of the chairman and talk about protracted warfare.Anyway, so many finished books are placed there, the credibility is good, right?So here is the cheek to ask for a first order. If you feel that the update is too slow, you can consider raising the book, but please give Shijue a first order to motivate, let Shijue know where the upper limit of this book is, so as to better understand Service readers, thank you in advance for your care, thank you!—A writer who never stops writing 2021-11-04Chapter 59 QuarrelWhile Lockhart was 
   heart-to-heart
    with the top students he had selected, Dumbledore was sitting at his desk, staring intently at an object in front of him, like a statue, and hadn't moved for a long time.- Snape next to him was a little impatient:    You have been looking at it for half an hour, have you noticed anything new?
   Dumbledore finally trembled as if he had been awakened by Snape, and sighed heavily.
   I'm afraid it is. The longer you look at some things, the more shocking the conclusions you get.
   What did Newell see? 
    Snape was puzzled, 
   I thought you would call Pomona over and find out, it's something from her academy. 
   
   That nostalgia doesn't help, Severus, just like I'm asking you where the Slytherin Chamber of Secrets is now, can you answer me?
   Snape stuck.Seeing that he didn't speak, Dumbledore raised his wand and shattered the golden cup.□□J~U
   Shattered!
    cried Dumbledore.I saw a magical light flashing from the tip of the staff, and hitting the golden cup, and then it was swallowed by the cup in an instant, without any waves.Moreover, after absorbing the magic, the golden cup didn't settle down, but shook quickly, and then split itself into two under Snape's surprised gaze.Snape didn't react at first, but after only two or three seconds, he watched the two golden cups split himself into four, and then swallowed the magic star on Dumbledore's table instrument, and then split into eight,sixteen...Surprised, Snape quickly took out his wand, trying to dispel the magic—because he did know this magic, if he left it alone, the magic items in the entire office and even the school might be swallowed by it.But before he could do it, Dumbledore had already done it.
   Finite!
    he called, drawing out his elder wand, into the cup.Following Dumbledore's incantation, red magic flames spewed out from the tip of the Elder Wand, and then turned into a dragon-shaped ring of fire that enveloped the proliferating golden cup, burning the split fake golden cup.And the body of the golden cup trembled for a while, then settled down again, and stayed in place motionless, looking harmless to humans and animals, as if it had never done anythingSnape breathed a sigh of relief.
   You also know this magic, right? At least we can now be sure that the remnant soul on this golden cup is definitely not Helga Hufflepuff's own.
    Dumbledore's faint voice came.
   What does that mean?
    Snape asked.
   This represents confirmation of my worst fears... Well, I'm afraid we'll have to inform Pomona a little later, as I'm not sure I can guarantee it will be returned to Hufflepuff in good condition.
   Originally Dumbledore was still hesitating whether to tell Snape his conjecture, he really didn't want to tell Snape this, it was never old Deng's style to put secrets in one basket.But this thing was found by Snape and the others, and it would be a bit bad if they kept it from him.Moreover, it was Bella who told Snape herself at the time, 
   He (Voldemort) canSensing the 
   golden cup
   , it took a long time for Snape to find out what it was.Forget it, tell him the truth about some Horcruxes.Sure enough, when Dumbledore told his conjecture about the 
   Horcrux
   , Snape was shocked.
   You mean, more than one... But this magic is indeed his magic! I will not admit it, only... only a few people will use it.
   
   Yes, it seems that Voldemort does not respect this historic souvenir more than we do.
    Dumbledore stared at the gold cup and said with emotion.Snape quickly stood up from his chair.
   We've got to go to that Weasley girl right away and ask her where she's hiding the diary!
    he shouted at Dumbledore.But Dumbledore shook his head:    Don't worry... Now that we have determined who has the thing, the next question is how to use it. After all, we still don't know where Slytherin's chamber is. Also, how to use it?
    A student can have the means to destroy this Horcrux... I am afraid this will become our long-term topic.
   
   Are you still going to do it?
    Snape asked in disbelief.
   Never intended to stop,
    Dumbledore said flatly.I warn you... no, you should know how dangerous this is without my warning. 
   
   Thank goodness you're still teaching at Hogwarts.
   Snape was furious.
   It's no use talking nice things, I've had enough, Dumbledore! I've figured it out, I can't fix anything! But you can't fix anything either! You haven't done anything you promised, but I But you have to be responsible for every whim of yours!Dumbledore also stood up:    Severus, in this matter, I think I need to explain...
   Xing Shu what can be explained!You don't need to explain to me, anyway, no matter what you say, I will do it!I admit that I made a wrong decision at the beginning, but I will naturally take responsibility for myself and continue to fulfill that commitment.But no matter what you say, as long as a student has an accident, I will immediately use my method to solve the problem!I do what I say! 
   ,With that said, Snape walked away.After Snape walked out of the office angrily, Dumbledore sighed, sat back in his seat, and began to observe the Horcrux.It's just that although his eyes were fixed on the Horcrux, he was thinking about other things in his mind.In the eyes of a master of magic like him, although it is very troublesome to eliminate the soul in the golden cup, it is only a troublesome level, and it is not an unsolvable problemThe truly unsolvable problems are always only in the human mind.Obviously, Snape strongly opposed Dumbledore's plan to continue to test the Savior, and claimed that as long as there was an accident, he would destroy the diary immediately, which made Dumbledore regret telling him about the Horcrux.Another point is also a headache for Dumbledore—that is, Gilderoy Lockhart, who also managed the plan to defraud the Horcrux, how should he deal with it?How much does he know?Will this become a hidden danger in the future?These are all unknowns.Thinking of this, Dumbledore began to call people.
   Lingkull!
   Following Dumbledore's summons, a house-elf appeared in his office.
   I am willing to serve you, dear principal, what orders do you have?
   
   Send me a letter to the Defense Against the Dark Arts professor, and tell him that I want to have a meal with him tonight and talk about it by the way.
   PS It took a while to queue up for the color ultrasound and arteriosclerosis examination, and I will update it immediately (: 3J is still the old rule, 1000 orders plus a chapter.The old readership is full, the new qq group number is 699,476,091Chapter 60 HookedDumbledore's message was delivered quickly, and the house elves at Hogwarts understood the rules. They didn't barge in when he was having club activities, but waited at the door until he came out to see off the guests.These dueling top students enjoyed a very pleasant weekend gathering with their favorite desserts, drinks, conversations and friends, and some of them had a feeling that they had just attended a    big fan meeting
    The sense of pleasure went out one by one and some blew.Considering that they were still young, Lockhart didn't plan to talk to them about any big reasons, but chatted with them about some light-hearted topics—anyway, there would be plenty of time in the future, and it was nothing for the political club to inspect members The level of ideological quality.Seeing that it was almost time for dinner, Lockhart sent them out one by one.Remember, Davis, and you little boys too.Girls won't fall in love with you just because you bring her breakfast and treat her well, they will only be attracted to you, understand?absorb!Simply relying on the so-called tenderness and being nice to her and expecting her to fall in love with you is pure cheating, because everyone can give her those things.Rather than being an obedient puppy, it is better to work hard to improve yourself...
   After sending the students away, Lockhart discovered that there was actually a house elf at the door of his office.
   Is something wrong?
    he asked.
   The principal invited you to his office for dinner.
    Lingkull replied respectfully, 
   If you don't make it difficult, please allow me to ask for a reply message.
   
   ...Of course, please tell the principal, I must go... What is the password of the principal's office?
   Chilled lemon juice. ’ replied Linkul.Although the headmaster's invitation was a bit abrupt, Lockhart was not surprised: because there are a lot of facts that happened today, it would be strange if the headmaster didn't talk to himself.He carefully recalled what happened today, and smoothed it out as he recalled, so as to figure out how much he had revealed.Because Dumbledore was in a hurry, Lockhart had to give up the idea of ​​hanging Dumbledore until Christmas, but chose to do it this weekend.Just this morning, he and Snape came to Azkaban Prison, trying to find out what exactly Voldemort had given Bella, and the headmaster followed them all the way with the invisibility technique.Under Lockhart's careful arrangement, Snape and Lockhart performed a wonderful show in front of Bella.If this was in the Muggle film and television industry, Lockhart felt that his performance could even win an Oscar gold award-of course, it may still be worse than the acting skills of the President of the United States.A few days ago, according to the agreement with Lockhart, Lucius Malfoy visited Bellatrix hypocritically, saying that he had recently discovered the Dark Lord's traces, but he could not be found. Bella wondered if the Dark Lord had ever given her something to find him, so he could use it to find the Dark Lord and bring him back to life.But Bella wouldn't believe it—out of all the Death Eaters, she least believed in the Malfoys, because they were famous scumbags.For so many years, there are many old Death Eaters who have come to Azkaban to see Bella, but Lucius has never been here, and those companions have also told Bella about Lucius' escape from punishment.From Bella's point of view, Lucius himself had neither tried to find the Dark Lord nor rescued his former accomplice from Azkaban after escaping from the punishment, but now he is shy to talk to himself Said she was going to find the Dark Lord... Ha, it really sucked herDo you think it's a two-year-old/    child?After spending so many years with the dementors in Azkaban, Bella no longer has any hope and trust in her heart, and all that is left is paranoia and fanaticism. If the curse could take effect, she would have put the Malfoy family The curse is dead.Malfoy took a hard nail, but he didn't get angry. He just expressed regret to Snape and Lockhart after the prison visit that he tried his best, but Bella didn't trust him, so he couldn't do anything.Lockhart knew this well, and Malfoy didn't want to take any responsibility, so he went to Bella in such a 
   careless
    way. Bella's refusal gave him an excuse to shirk his responsibility.But fortunately, he didn't expect Malfoy to do anything. All he needed was for Lucius to reveal to Bella that he had 
   discovered the Dark Lord's trace
   , so as to plant a wedge in their itinerary.And Lockhart and Snape waited for Lucius to go to Azkaban for a few days before they went to Azkaban to 
   visit
    and brought a lot of food and wine for them. Be loyal to the Death Eaters.The dementor guards in Azkaban had initially disapproved of their visits, but after Lockhart told them that alcohol could bring a little happiness to their prisoners, the dementors agreed to their approach.In front of the Death Eaters like Bella, Lockhart dressed himself up as an extremely admirer of the Dark Lord—opening his mouth on pure blood theory, but shutting his mouth to purify Muggles, and said that the gang of 
   self-willing and depraved half-bloods should all be punished.
    Punishment to hard labor, Muggle family backgrounds must be forced to receive education in the black arts
   , and made a full posture.Snape, on the other hand, showed his usual standard—he told Bella that Lockhart was a downline he developed by chance a few years ago, and that this downline had been traveling around the world, claiming to be tirelessly He has been searching for the Dark Lord, and it seems to have some results recently.As to whether the man was trustworthy or not, Snape said he was equally unsure.I hope Bella doesn't trust Lockhart completely, and asks her to be more cautious.If Snape assured Lockhart that there was nothing wrong with it, Bella might still be skeptical, because she also didn't think Snape was loyal enough—or she thought that all the Death Eaters who weren't in prison were not loyal enough. .But after hearing what Snape said, she actually believed Lockhart a little bit—Snape, a coward, even found out about his master's traces, and was still afraid of doing anything here, even if it was just a possibility, and he had to Risking the possibility of being put in prison, what is there to hesitate about?This is how people are. Psychologically speaking, as long as a danger is warned, it is easier for people to ignore it.Like putting up warning signs in accident-prone areas to show how many accidents have occurred there, doing so will do little to reduce the accident rate.Because the driver will feel more careless because he feels 
   already reminded
   .
   
   
Chapter 30   
   
   In addition, Lucius Malfoy also revealed the news of 
   finding the Dark Lord
    a few days ago. Although Bella thinks that these people are unreliable, it is very likely that her master has revealed his traces. .In this way, although Bella was still suspicious of Lockhart and did not eat the food and wine he brought, she still fell into Lockhart's hook after all.Chapter 61 Lockhart's performanceFor Lockhart, he could easily tell from the opponent's movements and posture whether he was defending himself.Bella was selectively accepting part of what he said, and it was immediately reflected in her posture—body language that had been defensive and evasive was now relaxed and concerned.After seeing these movements, Lockhart, like a singer after hearing the judges say, 
   Please start your performance
   , immediately regained his energy and started to work hard.In order to strengthen his persuasion, he took out more than a dozen domestic and foreign newspapers marked with red circles and highlights, and then explained to Bella with a kind of cheerfulness 
   like a mentally ill child (Snape)
    Fan, how he judged that the Dark Lord was hiding in the Albanian forest.These things are well-founded and logical, and many details can't be faked after listening to them. Of course, these are all summed up by Dumbledore and have nothing to do with Lockhart. It's a pity that Bella doesn't know.In order not to arouse Bella's suspicion, Lockhart did not use any magic when he said this, but used a series of psychological suggestion methods.For example, he starts by adding to Bella's guilt with 
   I've done everything else, but now I need a little help from you anyway.
   Although he didn't think that Bella would have the idea of ​​being sorry to anyone other than Voldemort, she also couldn't escape the 
   subconscious
    imprisonment;For another example, when Lockhart was expressing his views, he had always used the leading questioning methods commonly used by MLM experts to give hints, so that Bella would mistakenly think that his remarks were all derived from her own thoughts;Not to mention that every time she finished saying a sentence, Lockhart would repeat it again,To enhance Bella's confidence - this is called 
   repetitive psychological suggestion
    in psychology;In addition, when explaining his point of view, Loha also kept using his body language, such as inducing Bella by nodding gently, using his eyes to strengthen his tone, and using 
   selective hints
    to induce Bella's thinking... These are all compulsory courses for civil servants who need to face the public, and it is really overkill to deal with these little-knowledgeable wizards.After gaining trust, the next thing is much easier to handle.As the ultimate goal of this trip, Lockhart took out the 
   great achievements
    made by Chirlow last year, and unceremoniously took it for himself—anyway, the original owner Lockhart is also very familiar with this kind of thing, They have even summed up the routine in the diary.Lockhart took out a copy of last year's 
   Daily Prophet
    to Bella with a showing off expression, pointed to the news about the theft of No. 713 vault, and said that he did it himself-how he planned it carefully , inquired about the location of Nicole Flamel's vault; Got the Sorcerer's Stone...He spoke eloquently and vividly. In order to deceive Bella, Lockhart can be regarded as using all his writing skills.Except for the last step, all the experiences he just said come from the diary in Professor Quirrell's personal belongings, which was confiscated by Dumbledore after his death. The details are full and the process is extremely detailed.Bella's eyes widened when she heard this—because she had indeed heard about it last year, and some Death Eaters tried to give her the news, but she didn't know who it was and what the result was .
   Prove it!
    she called to Lockhart, 
   You got the Philosopher's Stone?Lockhart shrugged his shoulders at this, and then gave himself the blow in front of Bella.He took out a red stone from the pocket of the Untraceable Expansion Curse and pointed it at the prisoner of Azkaban.A stroke on the prison wall turned a large chunk of brick into gold.And when Bella touched the piece of golden wall tiles in surprise, Dumbledore, who was hidden by the side, also secretly put back the wand in his sleeve, so as not to reveal any flawsIt was he who used the replacement spell just now, using a large piece of gold that Lockhart gave to replace the wall bricks—Lockhart really paid a lot for this actionAlthough Bella has lost her wand, these die-hard Death Eaters have a little skill in casting spells without a wand, but the power and effect cannot be compared with when they have a wandAfter confirming that the wall tiles had indeed been permanently 
   turned
    into gold, Bella finally lost all her suspicions—since Lockhart 
   had
    invaded the vault of No. 713, then the vault of the Lestrange family Naturally, it wasn't a problem, but he was still willing to come to him, which showed that he really didn't mean to lie to himself.U!
   With the Philosopher's Stone and Snape, the potion master, the potion of immortality can be prepared.Come very soon. 
   Lockhart told Bella:    Everyone will see the light of day soon., now the only problem left is this great master...
   That is, I don't know how to meet the Supreme I
   Under Lockhart's eloquent tongue, Bella finally agreed to write an authorization document: agreeing to let Lockhart and Snape enter their own vault, and told them the location of the things in detail.   The Dark Lord handed me a golden chalice, he said it was important to him, and he could sense it at any time. If you take it to the Albanian forest, you will find the Dark Lord...By the way, I also cast a permanent copy spell on everything in the vault, and the cup has the owner's magic on it, so be careful.But as long as in the vaultMark the Dark Lord's mark in it - you know which spell - and shout allegiance, and those protective magics will be temporarily disabled. 
   
   I see, you are really very careful, you are worthy of being a 
   loyalty first
    person, I heard all my companions say so. said Lockhart 
   touched
   .Although he had figured out what he wanted, but with the professionalism of an actor, Lockhart decided to carry out the play to the end.If it weren't for the fear that it would be too much to continue acting, he would shed two tears to meet the situation.
   If all the Death Eaters were as loyal as you, the Dark Lord's cause would be unstoppable... Unlike that bastard Lucius, who refused to pay for the travel expenses and said we were wasting time, but he But I don't know that I got the Philosopher's Stone, so I can play with Han FengnaiLUstz JHis gnashing of teeth was so realistic that it even resonated with BellaShe sneered:    Hmph, I knew the Malfoys were unreliable.
   Lockhart nodded again and again:    One thing to say, indeed. That family will never be loyal to anyone, they will only shout 
   Long live the victor
   
   Bella was very happy to hear this-because it was also her point of view.
   Take it, hurry up, every minute we delay, our master and our hearts will suffer for an extra year.
    She handed over the signed authorization letter
   The Dark Lord will definitely appreciate your contribution in the future.
    Lockhart said solemnlyAfter hearing that Voldemort had indeed given something to Bella, and that he knew the location of the thing, Dumbledore did not go to find Sirius Black, who was also imprisoned in Azkaban, because he had already It's not necessary anymore.Everything that followed was a matter of course—they and their group came to Gringotts,Then Lockhart found Ragnor, and used Bella's authorization document to obtain the Lestrange family's vault access permit.Seeing Snape staring at him all the time, Lockhart wisely excused that he was still busy, and after handing over Bella's power of attorney to Snape, he didn't go down in the car, and returned directly via Floo powder. Once in his own office at Hogwarts, he knew nothing of what happened next.Lockhart thought about it several times, but he didn't find any flaws in himself.In front of Dumbledore, he perfectly played the image of a 
   slick tongue and excellent acting
    politician, and he showed Dumbledore through Hagrid, Professor McGonagall and the establishment of the dueling club that although he is obsessed with power , but at least it is non-distinctive and quite capable.The next step is to see if Dumbledore is willing to support himself.Lockhart could imagine that Dumbledore would definitely continue to test himself.I must show my 
   usefulness
    so that I will not be regarded as an abandoned child, and at the same time, I must show my slickness appropriately to tell Dumbledore that I am a person who can be used, but not a person who can be used for free. That's enough for Lockhart.As for how much Dumbledore can trust himself, it depends on how much he is willing to reveal to himself.Sure enough, during dinner, Dumbledore took the initiative to talk to Lockhart about what happened later—On the other side, despite the reluctance on his face, Snape still cast a 
   Bone Reappearance
    in the vault, and shouted the slogan 
   Magic is power, my loyalty will always be dedicated to the Dark Lord
    Ra's defensive magic was temporarily frozen.When Dumbledore entered the Lestrange vault, he saw theGold Cup - he knew it was Hufflepuff's Gold Cup and it was lost many years agoBecause its previous owner, Hepzibah Smith, was a distinguished guest at Hogwarts, and the two things she treasured most were Hufflepuff's gold cup and Slytherin's locket, and also Showed them off to Armando Dippet, then headmaster of Hogwarts, and lost them when she died unexpectedlyLooking at it now, where did those two things go? I'm afraid...The diary, and the Hufflepuff's cup...what else is left?Where did the locket that disappeared at the same time as Jin Bei go?Of course, Dumbledore would not take the initiative to tell Lockhart these questions, and Lockhart was far from reaching the point where he could trust him, so he could only make sidelines.
   I heard that you plan to go into politics after resigning, can you tell me why?
   Chapter 62 accept this sweet controlBefore coming to the principal's office, Lockhart really did not expect Dumbledore to ask such a straightforward question.But after thinking about it, he understood—Dumbledore didn't look down on power at all, and he probably didn't think that such things were worth wasting too much time in his heart, so it was natural to cut the mess quickly and solve it quickly. better.Lockhart put down the fork in his hand, took a sip of the wine, and at the same time his mind was racing, thinking about how to deal with the headmaster's cross-examination.When he put down his glass, he had already prepared a set of arguments in his mind.
   After working for almost two months, I deeply feel that the teaching tasks of Hogwarts teachers are heavy, and the expansion of the teaching staff is imminent... and as far as I know, many passages and secret passages are in disrepair, such as the one behind the mirror on the fourth floor. The secret passage to Hogsmeade collapsed, but the Ministry of Magic's repair funding has been delayed, and the Malfoy family has been stuck on this aspect...
   Dumbledore interrupted his chatter:    So, you plan to solve this problem? This is a good idea, but you should know that this is not what I want to ask.
   
   Then what do you hope to get?
    Lockhart asked back, 
   If I remember correctly, if you wanted to get the position of Minister of Magic in the first place, I can't imagine that you could do it just by relying on your own reputation.
    What needs do you have in this regard?
   
   People can't achieve the same achievement in every aspect, Gildero, after seeing your performance today, I am more firm in this idea-although my age may be nearly four times your age, but in In that case, I may not be able to do a quarter of what you have shown.
    Dumbledore said while cutting the calf liver on the plate.You deserve it, principal. Lockhart nodded humbly.He knew that Dumbledore was talking nonsense, as long as Dumbledore wanted, he could secretly give Bella Veritaserum, or directly use Legilimency, or even the Imperius Curse on her, and Bella obviously would have nothing Resistance.
   You don't seem to care what we get from the Lestrange vault, do you?
    Dumbledore asked suddenly.
   If you want to tell me, you will tell me.
    Lockhart didn't seem to care about it, 
   
   It's just a deal anyway, and it's not that I can't get benefits from it-such as the money, We can use it to invest in oil.
   So, what would you think if I told you that maybe one day you would pay a higher price for this?
   
   I would like to admit defeat, Principal. I gained your favor from this matter, obtained the partner qualification of Lucius Malfoy, and at the same time obtained more wealth for myself. If it really makes me fall into prison one day Disasters, or even worse—such as death or being tortured, that is what I ask for, adults must learn to be responsible for themselves.”Hearing the words 
   die or be tortured
   , Dumbledore stopped cutting himself - judging from the food on the dinner plate that had been cut into pieces, he obviously didn't put his mind on eating .
   You seem to be well aware of your situation,
    he said.
   Of course, Mrs. Lestrange seems certain that You-Know-Who will return, which makes me...or, 'You-Know-Who is alive' enough to surprise me.Although unlikely, my deceit today would certainly cost me dearly if it happened. 
   While talking, Lockhart frivolously lifted the ham on the fork, gestured for a moment before putting it into his mouth.
   You are more brave than I imagined...or, more like a gambler.
    DumbledoreLido commented, 
   But you can't win every time you bet
   If you are willing to provide me with some guarantees, then the probability of winning the bet will be even greater.
    Lockhart hit the snake with the stick.Dumbledore sighed after hearing this.
   Although you are no longer a student, I still want to say something more—do you really think it's worth it? Paying the price of your precious life for illusory power? I don't think the two are equal.
   Lockhart smiled.
   Then please answer me a question - I have always wondered why 
   career and love
    are worth pursuing, but 
   money and beauty
    are not? Obviously they are the same thing.
   
   what do you mean…
   
   You call it 'power struggle', but I prefer to call it 'self-realization'
    Lockhart said generously:    I have an ideal, an ideal that is determined to eliminate the trade of dark magic items, and an ideal that is determined to eliminate pure blood , the ideal of the half-blood strife, an ideal that is determined to rebuild the order of the magical world, and these cannot be achieved without power.
   
   That does sound much better.
    Dumbledore chuckled, 
   if they are all true.
   Lockhart asked seriously:    Whether this kind of thing is true or not, only my own heart can know. But for you, why do you have to stick to the truth of the 
   purpose
   ?
   As long as I do all these righteous things, does it really matter what my original intention or purpose is? 
   Seeing that he didn't seem to be joking, Dumbledore became more serious:    Are you really going to do it?
   
   If this is your wish, Headmaster.
    Lockhart said lightly, 
   Life is precious, but sooner or later we will lose it.If there are any traces left during this period, then what is the meaning of our coming to this world? 
   This time it was Dumbledore's turn to be silent.Finally, he finally opened his mouth again.
   I don't know much about politics. Although people in the world praise me for being knowledgeable, I have never put in the effort to understand it. Either I subconsciously think it is too tempting, or to put it another way, I am cowardly. Go face it.
   
   But under your rule, Hogwarts has produced many great statesmenLockhart raised his cup and gave a symbolic toast to the principal:    The reason why there is a division of labor in society is because everyone has their own good and bad things. If geniuses are those who can discover A and directly see People who reach E, then we ordinary people are responsible for filling in the existence of B, C and D in the middle for them.
   
   It's a very novel statement, Gilderoy. It seems that we need to talk more in the future. Hogwarts is not the best stage to show all your abilities.
   Hearing him say that? Lockhart knew that the matter was more than half successful:    Thank you:headmaster.    
   You're welcome, this is what you deserve for taking the risk... However, I have one more question to ask.
   
   You ask.
   
   Since your goal is not money and fame, then why have you taken... such a quick way over the years?I mean, among the people you've 'searched', there just happen to be two old friends of mine, and I know a thing or two about their experiences. But when I went to them later, they were Haven't the slightest memory of those experiences, and I'm not sure if some kind of amnesia is starting to catch on in the wizarding world...
   
   I stole their deeds for myself.
    Lockhart said, looking directly into the headmaster's eyes, 
   because I really need fame and money, but I don't want to get themSpending too much time on stuff. 
   As he spoke, he lamented in his heart that this bad debt was the biggest time bomb left to him by this body, and he couldn't avoid it no matter what.But it doesn't matter - as long as Dumbledore doesn't die, he will always have the handle in Dumbledore's hands, even though he intended to side with DumbledoreIn other words, it may not be a bad thing for Dumbledore to know this handle, just like the British political arena, politicians have handles in the hands of powerful people, and powerful people can feel at ease when they use this person.Anyway, Lockhart believes in Dumbledore's character or wisdom, he will never talk about this matter, but will use this handle to try to control himself remotely, and this is his goal.
   
   
Chapter 31   
   
   
   ...I see.
    Dumbledore finally understood Lockhart's position.It seems that he has already classified Lockhart in his heart as a person who is 
   extremely flexible in the bottom line and will do whatever it takes to achieve his goal
   .In any case, if Lockhart could get out of the Ministry of Magic, then Lao Deng would have installed another member of his own in the Ministry of Magic, which is not a bad thing.Chapter 63 Halloween NightAlthough the atmosphere of the conversation was generally harmonious, one thing Lockhart noticed was that Dumbledore never mentioned a word about 
   Horcrux
    to him from the beginning to the end.Not to mention Horcruxes, even Dumbledore said very little about the golden cup, as if he seemed to be collecting it, so Lockhart worked so hard to get the golden cup.Obviously, Dumbledore didn't trust himself yet.Lockhart tacitly did not mention this matter, anyway, actions are more important than anything else, and it would be superfluous to say anything to show loyalty at this time.And Dumbledore also thought so:   You just mentioned the trade of dark magic items, which reminds me of one thing - as far as I know: Many dark magic items and illegal goods are sold in Knockturn Alley: and there has formed a considerable black market there , it is very easy for little wizards who go to Diagon Alley to buy goods every year to wander there inadvertently, which worries me.If there is indeed a wizard who can change the face of there, I think I can write a letter of recommendation for him, and put him on the    International Federation of Magic J: You know. oo I am the president of the Federation, and many I haven’t recommended young talents to join the association for years.”   Yeah, Knockturn Alley should have been taken care of long ago!
   Although Lockhart hadn't paid attention to it at all before, when Old Deng said that, he immediately agreed, as if he had always hated the existence of Knockturn Alley and wished to get rid of it as soon as possible.
   Although Knockturn Alley has a long history, that is not an excuse for it to become an outlaw place.Well, all kinds of illegal and black market transactions born in the middle have made it notorious, which not only tarnishes the reputation of the glorious Britain, but also has a negative impact on normal trade and the income of the Ministry of Magic. We must solve this problem as soon as possible. 
   He said.Dumbledore was in a daze—because he suddenly realized that his previous understanding of politicians was still naive, just like Buffett, who had only experienced a US stock meltdown in the past few decades, suddenly found himself still young.
   Great, I'm sure it should have been resolved long ago if more people had paid attention to it... Gilderoy, would you like another piece of York ham?
   
   Thank you, I'm full.
   October at Hogwarts ended in such a calm manner that almost no one in the school knew what earth-shattering event had happened in this seemingly ordinary October.Hermione noticed that Professor Lockhart would go to say hello to Dumbledore every morning at dinner, and then sit down in his seat for breakfast.Although she didn't understand why, there was obviously some tricks in it, and judging by Dumbledore's attitude, she should definitely not reject this kind of 
   please
    behavior.She told her two little friends about it, but unfortunately they didn't care.
   Okay, Hermione, let's think about how we're going to spend Easter.
    Ron advised her, 
   Don't stare at other people's private lives all day long, they don't necessarily like it.
   Despite Hermione's reluctance, Ron was right that she too felt a little neurotic.Harry didn't even bother to care about those. His top priority now was training Quidditch, preparing to give Slytherin a good look. In addition, he occasionally went to the Dueling Club with Ron to keep his points at on the front position.Although Harry still focused most of his energy on Quidditch, he wanted to maintainThe ranking of the duel is still not very difficult.Although the event has just started, people with dueling talents in each grade have already shown their sharpness and began to firmly occupy the forefront of the standings.And the young wizards who came back from the Lockhart Club gathering are the best among them, and every time they attend a gathering, they can deepen their understanding of dueling.They would exchange their understanding of spells with each other, and then review the wonderful duels in the past together. They also exchanged opinions on the solutions to common spells.Harry had already discovered that if both sides stood neatly on both sides of the field and chanted spells: then he couldn't actually beat Hermione, because Hermione mastered far more spells than he did.Even Ron had a hard time trying to win—because the opponent's prediction was stronger than his own.If he wants to win, Harry must take the initiative to move forward, using his advantages of skill and quick response to put pressure on the opponent, so that Ron's predictive ability is useless, so that he can exert his magic power and spellcasting With the advantage of being fast, a long-range confrontation with Ron is courting death.Although Hermione has a very high winning rate, she also has a problem, that is, as soon as her opponent puts pressure on her duel, she will make a forced error, become flustered, at a loss, often don't know what spells to say, resist Very poor pressure capability.If he hadn't taken advantage of this, Harry would probably only have a 0 win rate.Although Harry's current winning percentage is very good, he found that because he had too few duels, his grade standings could barely keep the top eight in his grade.   I can't do that,
    he said to his two companions with a sullen face. 
   I still have classes, homework, and Quidditch training, so I don't have much time for duels.
   You have to choose. Ron advised him, 
   Think about which is more important to you.
   Harry thought about it for a while, and finally made a painful choice.
   After the match with Slytherin is over, I will slowly reduce the time to duel. Quidditch is more important. Oliver has wanted to win the Quidditch Cup for many years.
   The other two understood his difficulties very well.
   Then do this...the magic that condenses your real name, we will teach you slowly after we learn it. Lockhart likes you and Hermione so much, and he will definitely not leave you behind.
    Ron saidAfter that, he sighed again:    I have to go all out.
   Just when Harry began to seriously consider whether he needed to put water in the duel so that Ron could stabilize his position as the top four in his year, he didn't expect that he would soon not have to worry about whether he should play ball or practice duels. Distressed.When the day of Halloween came, Harry looked at the rich menu and listened to the rumors that 
   Dumbledore invited a skeleton band over
   , and some wanted to dove Nick's Deathday party.
   Once you say something, it's hard to follow.
    Hermione resolutely vetoed his small plan, 
   You must do what you promised.
   With such a principled companion, Harry doesn't know whether he is lucky or unlucky. In short, he is destined to get along with a bunch of ghosts this Halloween.Because they are well aware of the quality of the food at the Death Day Party, no living person is willing to go there except for the three of Harry, and finally the rest of the people gather in the auditorium, waiting for the opening of the Halloween Party.Lockhart did not sit on the teacher's table, but sat on the side of the college with the Ravenclaws, because he found that the food on the tables of the little wizards seemed to be more of a dagger.—t~ULl.-I sit at the child's table at the dinner table!The Eagles certainly welcome this, and Lockhart is also their senior after all,So sitting together is not awkward at all.Lockhart also noticed that several of the Weasleys hadn't been in the Great Hall, though the others didn't seem to care.
   Percy! This way!
    Lockhart greeted the third child of the Weasley familyAmong the Gryffindors who dressed themselves up as a group of ghosts, Percy, who still kept a school robe during the festival, looked very different, so Lockhart saw him at a glanceAlthough Percy was sitting on the Gryffindor side, he moved closer after seeing Lockhart say hello.
   Good evening, Professor Lockhart, just in time, I have a question to ask you.
   
   Go ahead.
    Lockhart is in a pretty good mood now.
   I have finished reading the book you gave me last time, but I still don't understand some things in it... Excuse me, what kind of existence is the so-called 
   Party Whip
   ? 
   
   Party whip? You actually started to notice it?
    Lockhart was a little surprised
   Yes...I am very surprised, because the so-called 
   party whip
    is just a small member of parliament, why does he have so much energy and can be in charge of the discipline of a party?Why should others listen to him? 
   
   You got the point!
    Lockhart knew everything, 
   This involves the bicameral system of Great Britain, which is fundamentally different from the US Congress. The party whip is no longer just a supervisory function, but a control The real power of the agenda, so the prime minister usually chooses his confidants...
   Because the scene was noisy, they spoke loudly.Others were a little concerned about what Lockhart would say to Percy, but when they heard that they were talking about politics, they lost interest and turned to enjoy the beauty in front of them.Food.With food, monsters and music, who wants to talk about politics?P.So, the results are a bit beyond imagination, and I can only update one more chapter. There is no way, I will do what I say.Chapter 64 The Beginning of the RaidUnlike the other students who were obsessed with duels, only Percy came to Lockhart to talk about politics. Such a student was a rarity in Raven Fluoro College, not to mention Gryffindor College, which was known for its deviant behavior.In the past, if Percy wanted to study political science, he could only find ways to find these things by himself, but now it is different-he has a life mentorAnd Lockhart is also focusing on cultivating him, hoping that in the future, the Ministry of Magic can have another helper.Finally, Percy's questions were answered in detail.Satisfied, he picked up the pumpkin juice, replaced the wine with a drink, and toasted Lockhart, and then the two began to chat.
   By the way, Percy... where are your brothers and sisters? Why can't you see them? What a sumptuous dinner today!
    Lockhart asked.
   They?
    Percy said with a distressed look, 
   Fred and George went to Hogsmeade to buy Flipstick fireworks, and they stole a salamander from Fantastic Creatures class, saying they wanted to borrow a salamander Fire-breathing structural improvement fireworks, to make a 'Weasley fireworks box'... I hope you can help keep an eye on them, and spit them out to cause trouble.And Ron, he and Harry went to Nick's Deathday party, I wish they were back in time for dinner.Ginny said that she has been having nightmares these days, so she didn't want to see these ghosts and ghosts on Halloween, so she stayed in the dormitory. 
   
   I see.
    Lockhart said in his heart that sure enough, 
   it's really not easy for you to take care of so many siblings.
   
   Isn't it?
    Percy seemed to have finally found a channel to vent his grievances:    There is no one to worry about! I never know what it means to obey the group, and I make troubles all day long...
   Seeing that Percy was about to complain until midnight, Lockhart hurriedly waved to the other side:    Miss Clearwater, Percy is with me!
   It turned out that Percy's girlfriend Penelope was wearing a pumpkin head hat and looking at the Gryffindor long table, as if looking for someone, Lockhart stopped her.Sure enough, Percy's complaints didn't go any further.
   Today is Halloween, let's put some things aside.
    Lockhart patted Percy, 
   Go and play, there are not many times in a year when you can play with confidence.
   Percy thought he was right, so he got alone with Lockhart, and then got married with his girlfriend.Lockhart toasted Dumbledore, then sat down to eat alone.Dumbledore did invite a skeleton band, and genuine skeletons were playing, and the music was classical music, which is not easy to find outside.Lockhart is very curious about how these hundreds of years old skeletons strengthen their bones. If the secrets of their bones maintenance can be applied to living people, Nico Flamel probably won't have to have bone loss every year due to excessive osteoporosis. Drink bone strengthening potions.All in all, it was a pleasant evening, and because all the teachers and students in the school sat together, Lockhart didn't have to patrol around, so he felt relieved.It's interesting to say that Voldemort is 
   very concerned
    about Harry's studies, and every year he waits until he is about to finish his studies before starting to act as a big monster. Now the semester has just started, so he won't do anything even if he wants to make trouble too big.Lockhart was almost the last of those to leave the Great Hall.Because many little witches in disguise stopped him after the party, came to him for candy, and claimed that if Zhuangguo didn’t give candy, he would use a piece of clothing on the professor’s body instead.”How could Lockhart fulfill their wishes—the best selling time of Honeydukes candy every year is before Easter, so how could he not order in advance.After consuming about six or seven pounds of candy, Lockhart finally managed to escape,He rushed out of the auditorium before the principal.
   It's really an enviable marriage of the opposite sex.
    Dumbledore said behind him, 
   If you change the election system for the Minister of Magic to one vote for each wizard, you've got at least half of the votes in the wizarding world.
   Lockhart said in his heart that you envy the bastard's relationship with the opposite sex. If I didn't know the great relationship between you and Grindelwald, I might have taken it seriously...person $, /, /,Thinking of this, Lockhart suddenly turned pale, then stopped his steps, and decided to walk behind the headmaster.Dumbledore misunderstood what Lockhart meant, and he wanted to persuade him a few words, telling him to be his spokesperson in the political arena at ease, and there is no need to be a sounding board or echoer who followed suit, and he would not restrict his freedom because He took Lockhart's behavior as 
   obedience
   But before he could speak, a student in front hurriedly ran towards them.
   Something went wrong, principal... and Professor Lockhart, someone attacked Filch's cat and left a line of writing on the wall.
    The student said to the principal in a hurry.Lockhart can be sure that at the moment when he heard about the accident, Dumbledore's expression was more relieved than surprised. After all, a cat being attacked is much better than a student being attacked.
   Where is it?
    Dumbledore replied, speaking equally fast.
   Third floor, over the aisle.
   Dumbledore glanced back at Lockhart, who nodded at him.
   I think this should be my job, Headmaster, let me go and have a look.
    Dumbledore didn't object:    Let's go together.
   They hurried to the aisle on the third floor, and met Maghes on the way.Professor Prout and the others followed around the incident.And Snape's movements were even faster. Before Dumbledore arrived, he was already there, glaring at Harry with 
   bad intentions
   .The students who were watching the scene saw the professors approaching, so they consciously made way for them, revealing the Harry Potter trio and the castle administrator, Mr. Filch, who surrounded them.Filch was holding on to Harry Potter's skirt and yelling something, but he let him go when he saw Dumbledore coming, and then came forward to cry with snot and tears.And Dumbledore didn't seem surprised that the Iron Triangle would appear here. He ignored Filch's crying and Harry's eyes asking for help, but walked straight past the three to check the scene, while Loja Tate followed him.Filch's cat, Mrs. Norris, was hanging stiff and bristled under the torch holder, and a line of magical writing was written on the wall between the two windows a foot above the ground.
   The Chamber of Secrets has been opened. Those who are enemies of the heir, be vigilant.
   Dumbledore reached out to take the cat down, but suddenly found that the hem of his robe was dragged into the water—the ground was wet for some reason, and there was a large puddle of water left there.Dumbledore hesitated for a moment, then continued his actions, took off the unusually stiff cat from the torch holder, and held it up to his eyes for a closer look.Lockhart looked down at the pool of water, then looked up twice, and finally cast a 
   clean up
    on the writing on the wall, and retracted his wand after finding nothing.
   Come with me, Filch, and Mr. Potter, Mr. Weasley, Miss Granger, you also come with me... Gilderoy, I remember your office is next to it, borrow it, don't you Would you mind?
    said Dumbledore.
   With pleasure,
    Lockhart replied.Chapter 65 Professor McGonagall who does bad things with good intentionsHarry, Ron and Hermione followed Dumbledore to Lockhart's office with a lot of anxiety.
   
   
Chapter 32   
   
   
   Although the bow is dry and weak!
   After reading out the password and entering his office, Lockhart snapped his fingers again, and lit the magic lamp in the office, making it look good.The new custom-made lamps worked so well that Lockhart imported them from the Muggles, sent them to Wisereck in Diagon Alley to be enchanted, and finally shipped them to Hogwarts.Although Dumbledore came here to find out what happened just now, after seeing the luxurious furnishings in Lockhart's office, he still couldn't help but make a comment.
   A fine house, Gilderoy, and you seem to have taken good care of yourself.Lockhart held out his wand, and pulled for Dumbledore a heavy mahogany chair upholstered in velvet.
   A good working environment can greatly improve the mood index of the migrant workers. Principal, this is also for work efficiency.
    Lockhart said boldly, 
   Do you need help?
   
   Just have this chair, thank you.
   Dumbledore sat at Lockhart's desk and began to examine the cat carefully.Lockhart also moved a chair for Professor McGonagall, and she sat down after thanking her, and checked the cat's condition with Dumbledore.Snape lost interest after a few glances at the cat - it was clearly a petrification spell that could only be restored with a mandrake potion, not a big deal at allBut what he thinks now is how to use this matter.His eyes quickly turned to Harry Potter, with a half-smile expression, which made Harry's heart shudder.From Harry's point of view, Snape was definitely planning to use this opportunity to find a way to expel him from Hogwarts, that's why he showed such a happy smile.But he really wronged Snape—Snape obviously wanted to use this 
   attack
    to ask Dumbledore to catch the murderer quickly, and to intimidate Harry so that he could stay in Gryffindor Stay in the rest room and don't run around for nothing.Filch said little more than sobbing and berating Harry, while Lockhart brewed elderflower syrup for the room as he pondered how to cope.With all parties having their own thoughts, the office fell silent for a while.In the end, it was Dumbledore who broke the silence.
   It's not dead, Filch.
   Filch's eyes were like those of a patient who knew that his cancer could still be saved:    It's not dead? Then why is it stiff all over, as if it was frozen?
   
   Because it was petrified, but how exactly it became like this, I don't know,
    said Dumbledore.
   Ask him!
    Filch shouted, pointing at Harry.
   It is impossible for students to do this.
    Dumbledore categorically rejected Filch's guess, 
   It requires a high level of black magic to perform.
   Obviously, although Filch was still venting hysterically, it was obvious that Harry could not cast such a petrification spell, and everyone present had this common sense.But the point is... who did it.How did it happen again.Although Snape knew who the instigator was, he couldn't say it openly in front of everyone, because Lao Deng's plan was to let the savior learn to destroy a Horcrux of Voldemort with his own hands. Speak to Dumbledore in private.But this did not prevent him from protecting Harry in his own way, but this way was a bit unacceptable.
   Headmaster, I find it very strange that Potter and his friends are there--Harry was taken aback, he knew that nothing good would happen when Snape spoke:    We've been at Sir Nicholas' Deathday party before, and there are hundreds of ghosts who can prove that we were there before...
   Wu Dan, you chose not to eat dinner and went directly to the corridor on the third floor? demanded Snape sharply. 
   I don't think you'll be able to eat and drink enough from the Deathday Party food. 
   Recalling the rotten and moldy 
   food
    at the Deathday Party, even if Harry was still nervous, he still felt nauseated.
   ...I'm sleepy and want to go to bed early.
   Harry immediately lied, concealing the fact that he had heard the voice shouting 
   Kill you
    before going up to the third floor to find out.However, he is really not suitable for lying, not to mention Snape and Dumbledore, even Filch, a squib, can see that he is unnatural when lying.Snape laughed.
   Headmaster, I'm not saying they did it, but I think they must have discovered something and kept it from us. I suggest that he should be disqualified from Quidditch until he knows everything he knows. until you tell me,
    he suggested.As soon as this was said, before Harry protested, Professor McGonagall quit.Because you can't get points by attending classes and doing good deeds, the only major event in Gryffindor College that can get points is Quidditch. Not to mention that Professor McGonagall is a Quidditch fan, even if it is for the House Cup. Can't let the only Seeker on the team just be useless.She argued immediately, saying that Harry had done nothing wrong and there was no reason to disqualify him as a player.Harry was overjoyed by her divine assist, but it made Snape secretly groan in his heart.His inner activities are probably like this—Old McGonagall, what have you misunderstood? What the hell is I protecting Harry from running around!And what's wrong with concentrating on studying for a while?Going out to play that useless ball every day, look at the homework he wrote... What kind of virtue has his homework become?His poor grades in Potions can be said to be because I did not teach well, but is it possible that his grades in Transfiguration are good?Lily, forgive me, I really can't control your son anymore.Dumbledore saw what Snape was up to, but he also didn't want to overprotect Harry
   As long as it is not proven to be a crime, it is innocent. Disqualification is too much. As for Argus, don't be too sad. When Pomona's mandrake is mature, we can restore it to its original state.
    , Severus has never failed to configure such a potion.
   His persuasion calmed Filch down, but it also annoyed Snape even more.He gestured to Dumbledore with his eyes—don't forget what I said, as long as something goes wrong, I will use my own method to solve the problem.And Dumbledore's eyes quickly answered him - what he said at the beginning was 
   studentTaken after the attack', now it's just a cat.After understanding what Dumbledore meant, Snape's face became more and more ugly, and Harry mistook him for not getting himself expelled—the misunderstanding between them deepened.
   So... that's it for today, Harry, you can leave. Severus, you stay here... Oh, no, I almost forgot, this is Gilderoy's office, let's go to the principal's office.
    Dumbledore said to Snape.Holding the teapot, Lockhart seemed a little disappointed:    The elderflower dew is ready, why don't you guys have a cup before leaving?
   
   No, thank you, I'm afraid I won't be able to sleep at night after drinking it.
    Dumbledore declined
   Great, I want to have a drink. The weather is bad recently, and I'm worried that I'll catch a cold.
    Professor McGonagall said.P.So the first order is 6k+, according to the agreement, 3 more chapters will be added today _(: 3Jz)_, trying to exhaust meChapter 66 Dire SpeculationAfter Dumbledore took Snape and Flitwick comforted Filch out, only Professor McGonagall and Lockhart were left in the office.While drinking the elderberry tea brought by Lockhart, Professor McGonagall was full of complaints.   Gidero, what are they hiding from us, Albus? I get the feeling that they don't seem surprised by this attack.
    She asked irritably.
   Maybe it's just because of the Mandrake potion.
    Lockhart prevaricatedProfessor McGonagall stared at him:    So, what did you discover just now? Everyone here seems to have discovered something, only me, an old woman, was kept from you.
   Lockhart shrugged:    I don't find much, I believe the principal can find out too.
   
   But you shouldn't have the right to hide it from me. That's a student of my college. I have the right to know what happened.
   
   You should ask the principal.
   
   If I could ask, I would have asked.
    Professor McGonagall said sharply, 
   Because I have done similar things countless times, I don't want to waste my time. As long as Dumbledore doesn't want to tell you, then you No matter how hard you ask, you can’t hear it.”Lockhart began to have a headache:    Dear Professor McGonagall, the principal didn't explain it to me, and I only heard about the last time the secret room was opened...Of course, I don't know why he kept it secret. 
   
   But you did find something, didn't you?
    Professor McGonagall asked, staring at him.
   ...some obvious traces, and it's easy to reason about.
   
   Then why are you covering it? Imitate the principal.
    Professor McGonagall wrinkledBrows, a very dissatisfied look.
   Well, if you insist... there are some things that are not hard to guess.
   Curse it, I'm listening. 
   Seeing Professor McGonagall's insistence, Lockhart can only selectively reveal some things, which he can explain anyway.
   First, the magic text was left too abruptly. Regardless of whether the 
   secret room
    was opened or not, the attackers should not show their existence in such a big way. A sneak attack is a more profitable choice.Second, the cat's whereabouts have always been unpredictable. It can be said that except for Mr. Filch, no one in the castle can figure out its whereabouts, let alone ambush it in advance, so I don't think the attacker The goal is it.Third, the attacker chose Halloween night, which was obviously premeditated, knowing that the vast majority of people would be in the auditorium at this time.If the above three points are true, I think the attacker should have another purpose, but happened to meet the cat while moving, so he petrified it.At the same time, in order to cover up something, the assailant specially hung it up and left behind magical words. 
   Professor McGonagall's eyes widened when she heard this—it was obvious that these things were not something she could easily think of.Obviously, what Hermione said when facing the magic flame door in the first year was right—not everyone in the wizarding world has logical ability.
   So why leave that text?
    she asked.Lockhart continued his faux pas—he made himself look like he had only discovered this after careful deliberation.
   When I was checking just now, I found that the cat's posture was a bit strange - judging from the way it exploded its hair, it should have happened at the same time when it was attacked and found the attacker, that is to say, the cat was petrified. should perfectly reflect itsThe state at the moment of the attack.If the cat was standing when it was attacked, it would have been staring at the ground.So I vaguely have a guess—that is, the attacker thought that if the cat was left in place, its posture would reveal something, so it deliberately left magic words, pretending that it was for a 
   demonstration
    before hanging the cat Show off.
   
   Staring at the ground?
    Professor McGonagall was a little confused, 
   Could it be that some bug on the ground can petrify it?
   
   I don't think so. The ground was full of water at that time. Even if there was such a bug, it probably wouldn't like that environment.
   
   It's all water...
    Professor McGonagall thought for a while, and suddenly realized:    That is to say, the cat found the attacker from the reflection of the water, and the attacker was behind it at that time!
   Lockhart shook his head:    I'm afraid it's not on the back, but on top of its head.
   
   The top of the head?
   
   Yeah, because light can only travel in a straight line, it is impossible for a person to see behind himself through the reflection when washing his hands by the river. Similarly, when the cat finds the attacker, the attacker is probably already above its head gone.
   
   Light...?
   Professor McGonagall looked a little confused, physics is also a new concept to this old professor:    You said the top of the head... Could it be that the attacker was a gecko, crawling on the ceiling?
   Pretty close, at least they're all reptiles.Lockhart thought.Professor McGonagall's confusion didn't last long, because she suddenly thought of something more terrible.
   Wait, Gilderoy, is there such a possibility—the attacker originally planned to attack Harry Potter and his party, but accidentally bumped into the cat on the way, so...
   Lockhart immediately nodded:    Very likely! Because the other students were in the auditorium at the time, only Mr. Potter and the others were going to attend the Deathday Party, so the assailant ran to the necessary place after knowing that Mr. Potter and the others would be left alone. On the way, I want to ambush.
   Professor McGonagall looked a little annoyed:    It seems that maybe I should really consider Professor Snape's suggestion and ground Mr. Potter in the common room.
   And the common room in Graffindor may not be safe. said Lockhart regretfully.Professor McGonagall heard something in his words, and asked quickly:    What do you mean?
   ■
   It's nothing, I mean... There may not be too many people who knew in advance that Mr. Potter would attend the Deathday Party, and it's very likely that they only revealed it to people in Gryffindor.
    Lockhart reminded.Professor McGonagall's face suddenly changed:    You mean, the attacker might be from Gryffindor?
   
   Not necessarily, maybe someone spread the word, the little lions have never been able to keep any secrets.
   Although Lockhart was kind, this statement made Professor McGonagall feel a little harsh, because lions, like her, are cats.
   I'll be responsible for finding out,
    she said to Lockhart. 
   I hope you don't look at my students through colored glasses.
   
   Tinted glasses?
    Lockhart raised his eyebrows, 
   Then you have to go to Professor Snape and ask him to make the color-changing ink on all contact lenses transparent.
   
   You know what I mean.
    Professor McGonagall had no intention of chatting with him.After Professor McGonagall left, Lockhart yawned.Although he is a little tired now and wants to brush his teeth early and go to bed, but today is Saturday,The student's homework has not been graded yet, and he is going to Hogsmeade tomorrow, so he can only give himself an overtime class.Since Dumbledore and Snape hadn't had any, Lockhart added a few drops of the elderflower dew to refresh his brain, and then began grading homework.After a while, Dumbledore's voice rang out of nowhere in his officeGildero, if you haven't slept yet, please come to my office,so you knowWell, still can't sleep.Chapter 67 Relieved HarryAs a professor of Defense Against the Dark Arts, after the cat was attacked at Hogwarts, Lockhart took the responsibility no matter what, and he was mentally prepared for itWith Dumbledore, Lockhart showed appropriate competence - he repeated what he had just said to Professor McGonagall.
   ...In summary, I personally suggest that all the pipes in Hogwarts be investigated, because the murderer is likely to use the pipes to move.
   
   
   
Chapter 33   
   
   After listening to Lockhart's report, Dumbledore nodded.
   In fact, I also noticed it when I was at the scene.
    Dumbledore said, 
   Although the attacker was very careful, I smelled a faint earthy smell at the scene. I can say with certainty that it was a snake. .”Lockhart was shocked—I was still thinking about how to spoil more content without suspicion, but you directly revealed the answer to the mystery?Thinking of this, Lockhart quietly made a joke:   Snakes? If that's the case, the impromptu motives of the attackers to attack Mrs. Norris would be explained - from the jaguar and Sen's, to the house cat and cauliflower snake, to Gryffindor and Slater.
    Lin, I have never seen a cat and a snake not fight after meeting.When I was traveling in Tibet, the people there told me that the Orientals call this situation 
   the fight between the dragon and the tiger
   , and when the two meet, the winner must be decided.
   Dumbledore also smiled:    It's just that the power gap is too great this time...Look at this.
   While speaking, the principal took out something from his sleeve.Lockhart looked at it and saw that it was an amber scale, and the scaleThe lines on it are very blurry.According to the usual proportions, the snake would probably be taller than this room when it stood up straight, and judging from the fact that the color of the scales is not bright enough and the lines are not clear enough, it is about to shed its skin. 
    Dumbledore added.Lockhart couldn't help giving Dumbledore 32 likes in his heart - this is the boss!The reason why Little Tom chose to show his cards a while before the final exam is probably because he found that the basilisk was about to molt, so he kept holding back.
   Then what are you waiting for?
    Lockhart sent a suggestion without losing the opportunity, 
   Before the snake sheds its skin, it is the period of time when the snake has the worst vision, the most inflexible body, and the slowest perception. I suggest setting up an investigation team immediately. Now smoke the pipe with vinegar, wine, and sulfur to get the snake out and kill it.
   But Dumbledore sighed.
   That's why I came to you, Gilderoy...can you keep it a secret? It's important.
   The day after Hallow's Eve was Sunday, and when Lockhart held a club party, the students did ask about yesterday.
   It's really bad, there's no clue at all.
    Lockhart said to them, and he could tell that it was a very powerful black magic, and it couldn't be cast by the students. We couldn't draw any conclusions. 
   Cedric frowned:    But no matter who opens the secret room and obtains something, that person must avoid the sight of all teachers and students in the school. If Mr. Filch can be sure that no one has entered the castle during this time , then you just need to find someone who doesn't have an alibi... Oh, I'm sorry, Potter, I'm not talking about you, I know you went to the death day party.
   Harry didn't take it lightly:    It's okay, DigoryBut as soon as the words were spoken, Harry immediately thought of something again.
   Do you know that I went to the Deathday Party? How many other people know about this?
    He asked in surprise.
   A lot of people... no, that's not accurate, Nearly Headless Nick blatantly advertised that he had a 'guest of honor' at his party, the fat friar has told us about it, and I guess the other ghosts know too up. ’ Cedric said truthfully.After Harry finished listening, there was a smile on his face that he didn't know whether it was relief or happiness.
   Yeah, that would be nice,
    he murmured under his breath.After the three of them came out of the death day party last night, Harry heard the voice that no one else could hear again, and then he was attracted to the scene where Mrs. Norris was attacked, and successfully made himself misunderstood.Because this fact was too weird, Harry didn't tell anyone except the two little friends, and 
   the chamber of secrets was opened
    kept several people silent. Even without discussion, they chose to hide it from the outside world. .According to Hermione's analysis, someone must have secretly opened the secret room during the school's Easter banquet, just like Quirrell secretly let the troll in last year, so the attacker is likely to be someone who was not there.As for the attacker's target, Hermione had the same analysis as Professor McGonagall.She also thought that the attackers' target should have been someone who was also not in the Hall in the first place, and it was likely to be Harry.
   So, the attackers knew early on that we were going to the Deathday Party,
    Hermione said to Harry solemnly.Harry was upset because he only remembered talking about it with a few friends and teammates who got along fairly well in the Gryffindor common room.If the heir of Slytherin was in Gryffindor, then Harry would feel betrayed, and his own life was threatened.As Lupine later said, Harry, like his father James, 
   always raised his trust in his friends to a higher than life level
   After hearing Cedric's admission that 
   this story has been spread everywhere
   , Harry felt comforted, because since even the Hufflepuff who was burrowed in the ground heard about it, the Slytherin at the bottom of the lake Naturally, Ravenclaw in the tower and the tower can also inquire about it, so this is said.
   Professor, may I ask, besides the three of us, who was not in the auditorium last night? He is most likely the attacker.
    Hermione asked Lockhart.right in front of you.Lockhart thought as he glanced at Ginny Weasley from the corner of his eye.Although the little girl was controlled by Voldemort and had forgotten her memory, she should have noticed something strange at this time, especially when she found that her hands were covered with unknown magic paint.Lockhart knew everything, but couldn't sayThere was no other way, Lao Deng asked Lockhart to 
   under the premise of ensuring the safety of the children
    to disclose as little information as possible to the three saviors.
   They have to learn to find things by themselves, reason by themselves, and finally find the correct answer. Although there may be many detours in the middle, detours are also very important. We can't help them with everything.
    Dumbledore said .Chapter 68 Pseudo-o Marauder's MapBecause of Dumbledore's special instructions, Lockhart had to pretend to be 
   I don't know anything
    in front of the little wizard.If in the Muggle world, if the police also made such a statement after the accident, I am afraid that everyone from the criminal police to the local police chief will be forced to resign. After all, under the modern criminal investigation, the so-called perfect crime has long since ceased to exist. You If there is no clue, it can only show that he is incompetent.Harry and Hermione didn't doubt what Lockhart said, and the rest of the little wizards didn't seem to take it too seriously.Although it was bad in nature, in the final analysis, only one cat was petrified from the beginning to the end of this attack, so it was still very easy for everyone to talk about, and it was not even as good as the response to the Quidditch game that just ended that morning. care.Roger Davies and the others tried their hand at the Hufflepuff Chaser in a tight double-team with the Parkin pincer tactic they had just completed, driving them into uncharted territory.Previously, almost all of Hufflepuff's tactical training was aimed at the traditional eagle-headed offensive tactics of the Eagle Academy, so the Pokov luring technique they carefully practiced was almost useless, and the backward pass was still immature. Skills also made mistakes again and again in the face of pressing, and it was only natural that they were defeated in the end.Although Cedric caught the Snitch in the end, Ravenclaw had already led by 190 points at the time, so it still couldn't reverse the defeat.It is worth mentioning that although the Hufflepuffs lost, their Seeker Cedric captured Ravenclaw's Qiu Zhang with his outstanding performance, and the Eagles 
   won the game
    for a while. But lost the woman
    was passed as a joke.Although Lockhart thinks it seems a bit strange for little wizards to start dating at the age of 13 or 14Not good, but given the wizarding world's tradition of establishing relationships while in school, he couldn't be bothered to say anything about it.Especially when someone told Lockhart that the wizarding world in Russia is the same as the Muggle world, as long as the only child can marry at the age of [-], Lockhart's expression became even more exciting.
   Kodostorez actually allows students to get married at school? The evil Russians actually prey on minors!
   Lockhart desperately criticized every aspect of Russia with the self-consciousness of an excellent civil servant of the Great Empire.Whether it was the Soviet Union that had collapsed in Harry's school year, or Russia now, its existence seemed to them a sin.Of course, he also deliberately overlooked one point? That is, people also think that a corrupt country full of homosexuals is not normal.Not to mention anything else, even Dumbledore and Grindelwald, their great friendship may make the 
   Slavic barbarians
    incomprehensible.In any case, the just-concluded Quidditch match became the best topic of chat in the Lockhart Club by virtue of elements such as 
   sports
   , 
   stimulation
   , and 
   sexual tidbits
   .The fact that Filch's cat had been petrified wasn't worth mentioning when you counted the match between Gryffindor and Slytherin last week.Even for some students, the petrification of Mrs. Norris may be what they were looking forward to.Except for Harry's trio who are still worried and Ginny Weasley's pale face, the rest of the students only mentioned some interest in the 
   chamber of secrets
   , as if how to live or how to live, has not changed at all.It seems that it is still difficult to raise everyone's vigilance.Lockhart wasn't sure whether Old Deng's hope that the savior would take the initiative and actively seek answers to the Chamber of Secrets was a failure, but he could see from Hermione's eyes that she hadn't given up her determination to find out.It seems that the seventh part of Harry Potter is dubbed 
   Hermione Granger and Her Two Useless Men
    by some people for no reason.
   Professor Lockhart, how much do you know about the Slytherin Chamber of Secrets?
    Hermione began to ask.Seeing her question, the rest of the dueling top students also focused their attention on Lockhart, showing great interest.Lockhart sighed in his heart—Old Deng didn't let him say the key content, but he had to act like he was familiar with it.
   There are a lot of rumors about the Chamber of Secrets in Slytherin. It has been around since I was in school. I only know part of it. If you want to hear it, I will tell you, but I can't guarantee that it must be true. of.
   Lockhart deliberately put on a 
   I know a lot of things, but you have to ask me to tell you
    posture, and successfully caught the attention of the students.
   Speak, Professor.
    The students all pricked up their ears.Lockhart started his own statement after he sold out:    About this chamber of secrets, I can't guarantee that it must exist, but I can't guarantee that it doesn't exist, because there are still many secrets in Hogwarts, and this Secret is only one of themWhenever we mention the history of Hogwarts, those who are rich in literature will use all kinds of gorgeous words to describe it, such as 
   great
   , 
   glorious
   , and 
   epic
   . But it must be mentioned that when the four founders established the school, it may be much more embarrassing than they imagined.At that time, wizards everywhere were rejected and persecuted by the Muggle religious circles. Although the witch hunts only caught some wizards who were not skilled or had no family inheritance, it was still a very big loss to the wizarding world.The four founders had to find a quiet, remote area to build the castle. 
   As he spoke, he cast a spell on his rug.
   Map spread!
    he yelled.The top students subconsciously looked under their feet, and saw a sudden change on the wool carpet in Lockhart's office—the wool dyed green, red, and gold changed their colors one after another, and the patterns changed. From a camel in a desert oasis to a map.Without looking too much, they quickly recognized that it was a topographic map of the interior and surroundings of Hogwarts Castle.Under Lockhart's show package, this map also has many bells and whistles functions such as weather forecasting, timing, stove reservation, communication, etc. Unfortunately, the biggest function of the Marauder's map - the name positioning system is not available.No way, because the map is essentially Lockhart's failed attempt to make a Marauder's map.Lockhart didn't realize how difficult it was until he actually got started, and it was even beyond his ability.Although Hogwarts has been cast with an unmapping spell, as a professor, Lockhart has the right to invoke a part of the school's authority to draw this map-as long as it is not taken out of the school.It is precisely because of this confidence that Lockhart has the confidence to make the Marauder's MapUnfortunately, not only does the Marauder's Map require many spells, but it also contains a database of all current students and graduates of the school.Lockhart wasn't sure if Lupine had borrowed it from the house scoreboard, or if the Blacks had invoked the school's authority as trustees, or entered it from the Sorting Hat as Gryffindors, but Anyway, without this, Lockhart couldn't make it display people's names.So in the end, Lockhart could only ask Lucius Malfoy to smuggle a magic flying carpet from the Middle East, transform it into a map, and throw it in his office.If the situation is urgent, Lockhart can even sit on this flying carpetBarrel runs away.Although it may not be very practical, it is not a big problem to restrain these children.
   Look, everyone, this is our school.
    Lockhart pointed to the students' feet.PSk, all debts are paid off.Chapter 69 Limited DisclosurePointing to the panoramic map he had drawn, Lockhart continued to talk.
   As you can see, Hogwarts is located in an important location, surrounded by mountains and rivers. The only way to get in and out is to cross the Black Lake by boat, or enter through the viaduct.If the Muggles attack, everyone only needs to blow up the bridge. 7 Muggles can only try to attack by taking a boat across the lake, and then they will be killed by those in the Black Lake who have made a contract with the founder Mermaids and giant squids dragged into the water.The original purpose of the stairs, ubiquitous secret passages, and hidden rooms in the school is also to prevent the attack of the Muggle army, and wizards can choose to fly on a broom and enter from the tower... Of course, Muggles also have There is no way to fly, we will not mention these.So as one of the founders, Slytherin, I would not be surprised if there was a secret room somewhere in the castle.In other words, I would be more surprised if he didn't leave the Chamber of Secrets behind.If there is no mistake in the school history, Salazar Slytherin often held secret meetings with the people he chose in the castle, and the meeting place was probably in the secret room.As for the rest, you can all find them in 
   Hogwarts: A School History   , so I won't say much. 
   
   In other words, there is indeed a secret room.
    The students understood.
   It can only be said that the probability is very high.
   Hermione raised her hand again:    Then, professor, where do you think the location of the Chamber of Secrets is?
   Lockhart shrugged regretfully:    I don't know...the school originally had an old architectural drawing, but Hogwarts Castle underwent a large-scale modernization in the 18th century.It has undergone many small transformations before, so that drawing has no reference. 
   
   It's changed a lot after the transformation?
    Hermione continued to ask.
   Yeah, for example, before that, Hogwarts didn't have toilets or bathhouses. If you want to take a bath, you can only go to the lake. As for the convenience, everyone can only solve it on the spot, and then use the disappearing spell to make it disappear.
    Go somewhere else, and as for which Muggle head or pot it's going to end up in...
   Seeing the disgusted looks on the girls' faces, Lockhart quickly changed his words:    Of course, it's inappropriate to say this now... especially since everyone is going to have dinner soon. In short, this transformation completely borrows the wisdom of Muggles , the principal at that time invited the famous architectural designer, Henry Hall to carry out the renovation, and the Gunter family was very dissatisfied with this.- Ravenclaw freshman Samuel Mason in the first grade suddenly heard a familiar name:    
   Is it Hall?I know him, he restored the Pantheon in Rome, and his portrait still hangs on the wall of my father's company. 
   
   Thank you for your supplement, Sam... It's a pity that after he completed the transformation design and got the gold, he was cast an oblivion curse by the head of the Gaunt family at the time, and took away all the design drawings. We have no way to get them now.
    We don’t know their whereabouts, but we still don’t know how the Gaunt family hid the entrance to the secret room.” The little wizards were thoughtful.Lockhart wasn't sure if they could deduce anything based on the current intelligence, and now it seemed that the closest person to the answer was Harry Potter, because he knew he was a Parseltongue.However, even if Harry knew that the attacker was a snake and moved through a pipe, he probably wouldn't be able to find Slytherin's secret room right now.Because Hogwarts has too many pipelines.Unless you really go to war and use Lockhart's suggestion to 
   plug a part and smoke it with sulfur
   , you want toFinding the Chamber of Secrets is still difficult.Thinking of this, Lockhart glanced at Harry—it might be because of various accidents, the headmaster didn't know that he was a Parseltongue, but if Dumbledore knew about it, he might realize it immediately Harry is also a Horcrux.
   So Professor, can we find this secret room?
    Eddie asked again.
   It's not impossible, but it's very troublesome, and it needs to go to war, and follow it bit by bit... Uh, investigation, considering that only one cat has been attacked so far, and it's not irreversible, I think it might be better to wait. The premise is that no one is killed in the attack, but if there are casualties, I will definitely report to the principal and explain to him the secrets I discovered.
   
   You found a clue?
    Hermione asked in disbelief.
   Actually, you just need to think about things like clues to find out.
    Lockhart winked at her, 
   Think about why the murderer hanged Mrs. Norris and why he had to go to such lengths to write Write that line of magic words, you are so smart, you must be able to think of it.
   Lockhart actually didn't say this to Hermione, but to Voldemort, because he knew that Ginny hadn't doubted the diary at this time, and she would definitely write such a thing in the diary.He wanted to use this method to persuade Voldemort to restrain himself, at least not to kill people.The two Slytherin students were taken aback by Lockhart's statement, but they restrained their expressions well when they heard 
   a big fight is needed
   .
   We'll go to the dean later and ask him to ask Lockhart. The Slytherin's secret room must be discovered by us Slytherins.
    One said quietly to his partner.The companion nodded again and again, deeply agreeing.
   I didn't expect the school to have such a dark history.
    Eddie Camille of Ravenclaw said: Qi Jin Leitlin actually sneaked around the other three houses and made such a big move. Don't the people in the other houses not do you know?    Although there were not many people, the two Slytherin students present all showed displeasure.
   
   
Chapter 34   
   
   Slytherin has a secret room, and that is our Slytherin's own business, outsiders are not qualified to ask.
   Maybe they know, but it's Slytherin's house, they don't want to interfere too much, and who doesn't have a little secret, the other three houses also have something to hide from everyone, so it's even.
   
   Like?
    The students were very interested.
   I remember we were talking about Slytherin's Chamber of Secrets.
    Lockhart brought the topic back, 
   If you are interested, you can check it yourself. In fact, every house has its own dark history, Slytherin The Chamber of Secrets is just one of them.
   
   And Ravenclaw too?
   
   some.
   Lockhart was happy to change the subject:    For example, our Ravenclaw's famous saying 
   Witbeyndmeasureisman'sgreatesttreasure: We usually understand that    extraordinary intelligence is the greatest wealth of human beings: right■Everyone nodded, especially the primary school students of Ravenclaw College.The red question is that Ravenclaw died in the 0th century. At that time, Great Britain still used a kind of Old English. In Old English, wit means    length
   , and mn also means 
   man
    in addition to human beings, so We can also understand this sentence as 
   extraordinary length is a man's greatest wealth
    if we consider that Rowena Ravenclaw is a very beautiful woman who has a daughter but neverHeard who her father is...uh...you know what I meanThe eaglets present were shocked, while the Gryffindors laughed, and even the Hufflepuffs had to lower their heads to prevent others from seeing their expressions.
   Fortunately, you are also a Ravenclaw. If someone else said these words, you would have received more than a dozen duel applications.
    The Slytherin student commented.Chapter 70 new bookLockhart felt that he had said enough, and if he continued, Dumbledore would definitely blame him for leaking too much information to Miss Know-it-all, so he simply told a joke to divert everyone's attention.Now it seemed that this trick was very successful, and the little witches including Hermione covered their faces—the jokes that Lockhart said were obviously not suitable for girls to listen to.Next, you should find out the location of the secret room by yourself!Lockhart saysAfter the small talk was over, Lockhart returned the rug to its original shape and sent the students out.After a while, Snape really came to his office.
   What the hell are you doing?
    Snape asked angrily. 
   My students said they must find the Chamber of Secrets before the other houses!
   
   Wouldn't that be nice, Severus?
    Lockhart answered him casually. 
   I bet those Gryffindor cubs would love to find the Chamber of Secrets as soon as possible, so they can give Snake House a A big slap in the face, which is completely in line with Dumbledore's instructions.
   
   But there are snakes there, and it is very likely that they are basilisks with Medusa blood!
    Snape regretted, 
   I used moonstone powder as the anti-magic ingredient for your color-changing potion to save trouble. You should use the essence of Dharma Protector Quan Jing's juice, which has been purified 12 times!
   Lockhart laughed dumbly:    It's still too late...you can use your method to remind the savior and make them pay attention to protection.
   As he was talking, Lockhart suddenly remembered something--Snape's words mentioned just nowwoke him up.Strange, why is Voldemort not afraid to meet the eyes of the basilisk?Even if the basilisk trusts VOld Mort, would Voldemort trust the Basilisk? Did the word 
   trust
    ever appear in Voldemort's dictionary?Isn't he afraid that the basilisk will attack him suddenly?Or is he so confident that he has completely controlled the basilisk■No, he must have his own insurance method.Thinking of this, Lockhart began to recall all the signs of Voldemort he knew, and then he suddenly thought of something---something that Voldemort possessedSo, no wonder he is not afraid of the basilisk!How did Snape remind Harry that Lockhart ended up on Thursday?Yu know
   Professor Lockhart!
    Hermione came to ask for help with a look of horror on her face. 
   Professor Snape said that he would make an antidote to the curse of blindness in the next class, and he hinted that he would let 
   disobedient poor students
    take it himself, come To verify that the antidote works...you know, that curse is really powerful...
   After sighing for Snape's proficiency in playing blackface, Lockhart took out a few new pairs of contact lenses that he had prepared long ago.I used moonstone powder for the protective layer of the previous batch of contact lenses, but these few pairs I used the sap essence of the guardian tree, which was purified 12 times... You should know what the guardian tree is, right? 
   
   Yes, it is a kind of sorrel wood, the most effective wood against dark magic creatures and curses among the known woods!
    Hermione immediately answered Lockhart's question
   It turns out that there is still such an effect...I mean, it's a pity that this is not a class, so I can't give you extra points. You should use these pairs of contact lenses first. If it's just that kind of curse, you should still...you know .”
   Thank you, Professor Lockhart!
    Hermione replied sweetly, 
   I knew you would have a way.
   ashamedLockhart blushed for a rare moment—Master Snape's credit was once again stolen by him.But to be a politician, one must first have a thick skin that is greedy for oneself. Lockhart feels that he is still ashamed, which only shows that he is not very mature.Hermione happily slipped away with the things, believing that with these things, they would not die tragically under the gaze of the basilisk anyway, at most they would be petrified.At this point, the initial task assigned by Dumbledore to Lockhart has finally come to an end, and he feels relaxed now.Considering that there won't be anything new for a while, Lockhart felt that this was the time to seek his own personal gain, so he picked up his pen and prepared to start writing the book again.The reason why he wanted to write a new book was because he found that there seemed to be fewer letters from readers recently.This represents a not-so-good tendency—that is, Lockhart is gradually being forgotten.It's no wonder, after all, he hasn't published a new book for more than half a year, and the last book 
   I Know Magic
    is an autobiographical book, so book fans haven't seen the family story for a long time, and their enthusiasm has somewhat diminished.Therefore, it is most important for the author to keep updating continuously. Even if it is slower for the sake of quality, it must not be interrupted. Writing a new book is imminentHe has already thought of the title of the new book, and it is called 
   Explore the Hogwarts Chamber of Secrets with the Basilisk
   -of course, the title of the book will not be written until the savior kills the basilisk.Considering that almost all wizards in the UK graduated from Hogwarts, believe thisThis book is sure to evoke nostalgic feelings in many people at that time.In the past few years, Lockhart has almost kept publishing a new book at a rate of one book a year, which is very rare in the wizarding world. In addition to Lockhart's spirit of continuous writing, the high efficiency of the publishing house is also one of the reasons .The publishing house that Lockhart cooperates with, Whiz Hard Book Company, is located at No. 129B on the south side of Diagon Alley. Because his books are still popular, he has always enjoyed the priority of publishing.After hearing that Lockhart was going to teach at Hogwarts, Ms. Logan, the editor-in-chief of the publishing house, was still very sad for a while-because she thought that he would not have new books this year.But when Lockhart's owl brought his letter, Lady Logan was simply overjoyed.Lockhart wrote in the letter that he planned to use his spare time as a teacher to write another book about the legendary chamber of secrets in Hogwarts. He has already found some clues, and it is estimated that he will be able to find it soon. Ask Is the publisher interested in publishing it?She almost ran upstairs and asked Mr. Harder, the boss and editor-in-chief, what he meant.Mr. Harder didn't even have time to hesitate. He made a decisive decision and decided to apply for a publication number from the Ministry of Magic in advance for Lockhart. He also contacted the Daily Prophet and Wizard Radio to inquire about advertisements. Provide enough resources.He's not a fool, a best-selling author with many fans and Hogwarts where everyone went to school, the sales volume of this book is predictable, and he will not refuse the golden gallon delivered to his door.If the publishing house cannot show enough support for Lockhart, then he will be poached by the people of Obscure Books.So Lockhart soon received an enthusiastic reply—not only the content was enthusiastic, but even his owl Hui Hui was covered with lipstick marks
   Ms. Logan asked you to bring this kind of 
   message
    again...
    Lockhart had a headache, 
   This magic lipstick is particularly difficult to wash off. 
   Huihui let out a dissatisfied cry, her eyes full of condemnation, probably saying 
   It's all your fault
   But it immediately looked at the snacks on Lockhart's table, and stared at the plate of dried meat, the meaning was self-evident-you have to pay enough for me to forgive you.Considering that there were too many owls in the Hogwarts Owl House, this big fat man might not be able to snatch the mouse to eat, so Lockhart had to feed this guy himself.Lockhart opened the thick letter, and deftly flipped through the six pages of the folder, looking straight to the end of the letter, and sure enough, he saw the main topic there.What Mr. Harder meant was that he hoped that Lockhart would send out some samples before Christmas so that they could use the Christmas holiday for the first publicity, Candlemas and Easter for the second and third publicity, and then The book will be released at the end of June.After doing some calculations, Lockhart felt that the problem was not that big, half a year was enough time for him to finish the book.So he wrote back to express his agreement and fed the owlThat.He didn't wash his owl, because he knew that even if it was cleaned, it would still be stained with lipstick when it came back.After seeing off the owl, Lockhart began to conceive a new book.The new book, like the previous ones, needs to be written from the first perspective. Lockhart decided to start the story when he rescued Harry and Ron from under the Whomping Willow, and then came the attacking cat. The cat, slowly telling how he discovered the Basilisk and the Chamber of Secrets through rigorous logic and reasoning, and finally defeated the dark magic items left by VoldemortIn addition, in order to avoid the disgust of the Hogwarts professors, he would have to brag about those professors desperately in the book.For example, Professor Sprout, who planted Mandrake, configuredPotions' Snape, etc., he needs to brag in exchange for the professors' selective ignorance of the truth.Of course, the most important thing is to clean up for Hagrid—without this, it is estimated that Dumbledore would not have agreed to let him publish this book.In order to avoid lightning, the principal will definitely not allow him to directly write the content related to the Horcrux in the book, so the diary must not be mentioned, and it can only be said to be 
   a black magic item picked up by a young wizard by accident.
   Because the readers are all wizards who graduated from Hogwarts, he has already thought about the tone of the whole book, which is to use as many descriptions as possible, highlight the details of the environment, and evoke the readers' memories. Readers will have a sense of novelty.It's like when a game player is watching a nostalgic game video, he suddenly finds that the old Fangfu game he has played for more than ten years actually has easter eggs that he didn't know about. This kind of novelty is indescribable.As long as this book is released, Lockhart feels that many passers-by will turn to fans, so that if he goes into politics again, he believes that the support will be expanded a lot.Just as Lockhart was constructing the outline, he heard the fluttering sound outside the window again.Lockhart thought it was just a ghost flying in and out, but it was an owl that Lockhart didn't recognize that flew in.He removed the letter from the owl, found the Gringotts seal on it, and opened it straight away.
   Dear Mr. Lockhart, we have discussed the items you inquired about last week with our counterparts in Greece. They said that such items are generally not circulated, but considering your [family property (crossed out)] excellent reputation, As long as the price is right, we think we can make an exception and 
   rent
    one piece for you. The rent is 5000 Galleons, no bargaining, thank you! —Your loyal friend, Raguenor. 
   Lockhart crumpled the letter casually. Although he has money now, he can't let these goblins blackmail him. Sooner or later, he will have to have a 
   friendly
    talk with them.P.So regular Sunday py time
   This Witch Is Quitting
   Introduction: Angie transmigrated into the silver witch with silver hair and red eyes in the game.No matter which ending it is in, the Silver Witch who is a scumbag woman will be mistreated!Before she could react, the Demon King arranged a new task for her. The task was difficult and there was a high probability of death.Vd^md, I quit!    The villain witch An Qi surrendered directly to the empire!in prison.An Qi actively accepted the reform, vigorously reported the devil cadres, exchanged life experience with the inmates, and preached the truth, goodness and beauty, all in order to be released from prison as soon as possible.But she never expected it.The imperial army who got her information was defeated in succession, and even the protagonists in the game, the Holy Sword Hero, the saint of the church, and the emperor of the empire fell into flames one after another and joined the army of the demon king.On the day when the Demon King's army captured the imperial capital, An Qi was stunned when she saw a group of women surrounded by her.
   I swear, I really just want to get a makeover!
   Are you women out of your mind?Hey, hey, don't live it, I'm a witch, not a succubus!Chapter 71 Second RaidAfter the end of the Quidditch match in the first week, there was a moderate upset in the second week of the match.Slytherin, who had seven Nimbus 2001s, actually lost, and lost to most of the Gryffindor colleges that were still relying on sweeping five-stars.Considering that there was a problem with the Bludger in the middle of the game, and it kept attacking Harry Potter, Slytherin's defeat seemed even more useless. They lost on their side at the right time and place, and they lost nothing. can be said.And Draco Malfoy, who directly caused this failure, couldn't hold his head up in the academy for a long time.It would be fine if he lost in a dignified manner, and no one would blame him, but at that time he was busy laughing at Potter's embarrassment, but he didn't realize that the golden snitch was on his head, and no one could forgive such a mistake.
   No wonder it costs seven brooms to buy him into the team. It's cheaper to sell.
    After the game, some people discussed this in private.Although it was said in private, their voices were a bit loud. In the closed Slytherin common room at the bottom of the lake, even whispers would be magnified into public discussions, so Malfoy still let Malfoy listen. .Because the people who were talking about were all senior students, and the family's wealth was not weak, so Malfoy couldn't do anything to them, so he had to keep this grudge in his heart.Since there is no way to retaliate, Malfoy can only choose to vent.So that night, Malfoy vented his energy on the dueling arena.It has to be said that, as a thousand-year-old family, the background of the Malfoy family is really not bad, at least he knows several small curses that no one else has heard of.Not to mention that this guy, relying on his family background, throws out all kinds of magic props and potions as if he doesn't want moneyIn the first game, I threw a few stealth bombs imported from Peru and cooperated with the hand of glory to secretly attack. Tomorrow, I will take out four or five swallowtail dogs from the magic bag, and I will also throw a swelling potion to make them bigger and faster. The little wizards in the first grade, even the fourth graders, are a little bit embarrassed.Percy had to call a halt to the game, and specially called a meeting of the security team to discuss whether it was necessary to ban the bringing of potions and magic items on stage, because it was obviously unfair.But in the end, the result of their discussion was 
   permitted to use
   , because Lockhart said that the purpose of the duel is to let everyone see various ways of fighting, and this obviously includes the use of props and potions.
   Besides, who would be so stupid as to use consumables all the time? Even if it is to condense the real name, it will cost too much money, far more than the money to buy Felicity Elixir.
    The Ravenclaw people expressed their puzzlement.
   But we still need to avoid magical creatures that can hurt people. I suggest that in accordance with the Ministry of Magic's standards, the level of magical creatures allowed to be brought on the dueling platform should be limited to below 2X.
    Percy said.Fred and George laughed together.
   What are you laughing at?
    Percy would not be polite to his two younger brothers.
   
   
Chapter 35   
   
   
   Below 2X? You mean, you can't even bring Xixiu on stage (Xixiu is 3X)?
    Fred said with a smile.
   What's wrong with Niffler? Niffler can also block the Killing Curse.
    Percy arguedGeorge also echoed Fred and dismantled Percy:    Okay everyone, Percy just likes to make some small jokes sometimes, we suggest changing it to at least 4X.
   Obviously, the twin brothers understand the theory of 
   If you want to open the window, you have to pull off the ceiling
   . 4X is the level of thestrals, crooked monsters, horse monsters, and phoenixes.Speaking of Percy, not even the rest of the Gryffindors could agree with them.In the end, everyone unified their opinions and stipulated that the maximum level allowed to be brought on stage was 3X, that is, the level of the big-headed monster, wicked bird and sea snake.Percy is very unhappy about this, because the 3X class also has fire crabs, fire snakes and hippogriffs.Despite his stubbornness, the result of the collective vote was 7 in favor, 4 against, and 1 abstention, and he had to use this result to make rules.
   Remember your decision today, and you will regret it when something goes wrong.
    After Percy warned, he left the Dueling Club angrily with a few people who supported him.Colin Creevey, who abstained from voting, was also a little embarrassed. He hastily excused himself to print the photos of the game that he took today, and left the auditorium.After Percy was pissed off and the other students dispersed, the twins clapped their hands in celebration.
   They didn't mention restrictions on props!
    Fred said proudly.
   Just say that the power cannot exceed the Stunning Spell.
    George rubbed his chin, and also acted like a successful trick.
   No more than the Stunning Spell... This is a difficult goal to define. As long as you don't lose consciousness immediately, the power should not exceed it.
   
   Maybe they mean as long as no one gets killed.
   
   My God, they forgot to discuss such an important standard issue.
   
   We also forgot to remind them.
   
   what a pity.
   
   Yes.
   Then, they took out a lot of fireworks from their arms at the same time, and laughed sinisterly.At night, when Lockhart was lying on the bed and was beginning to feel confused, he was suddenly summoned from the bed by the principal's office.
   Gidero, I shouldn't disturb you so late, but please come to the school hospital immediately.
    Dumbledore's voice seemed a little heavy.Feeling that Dumbledore's tone was different, Lockhart put on a coat and went downstairs directly to the school hospital on the second floor.Madam Pomfrey opened the door for him with a solemn face, and reminded him to be mentally preparedEntering the ward, Lockhart immediately saw Dumbledore in pajamas and a nightcap.U!Although the nightcap like Santa Claus is matched with Dumbledore's glasses andThe beard made him look a little funny, but Lockhart couldn't help but laugh.Because I saw the person lying on the hospital bed, Colin Creevey.He was frozen and motionless, exactly like Mrs. Norris
   How could this be?
    Lockhart asked openly.He remembered that this kid was attacked when he was going to see Harry Potter in the school hospital. Now that Harry wasn't forced to drink Bone Spirit because of his messing around, why would Colin still be petrified?The first time Voldemort was about to attack Harry was after the deathday party, but he bumped into the cat halfway, and the second time was when he was going to sneak attack Harry at the school hospital, but he bumped into Colin Creevey again. So this time...
   The guy from the Dueling Club testified that he wanted to have the daytime photo developed, but at the same time his roommate said he had run out of developing potions... When we found him,He collapsed on the steps from the second floor to the third floor. We guess he may have come to you to ask for the development potion. 
   Lockhart clenched his fists.Chapter 72 Hermione's planIf Colin Creevey's attack was to be blamed on Lockhart, Lockhart really had no way to refute it.He thinks with his ass and probably knows what's going on - it must be tom oleyAfter Del learned from Ginny that 
   Professor Lockhart may have clues to the secret room
    and that the investigation would require a lot of fighting
    and that 
   the Gunter family has remodeled the toilet plumbing
   , he became murderous to himself.Others don't know, doesn't Voldemort understand what this means?He must have guessed that he knew some real clues before he dared to attack himLockhart was paralyzed by the fact that 
   self
    and all the professors had not been attacked in the original book. He thought that the 15-year-old Voldemort was still a student and did not dare to attack the professor, but he seemed to ignore the courage of this daring bastard.Very good, I failed to warn you, but you are planning to attack me in the end, right? 
   Did you hear anything, Gilderoy?
    Dumbledore asked.Lockhart's face was livid:    ...No, because the sound of wind and rain on the tower is too noisy, I will cast a silence spell on my office and dormitory at night. 
   Dumbledore also seemed to understand something: it seems that it is better not to sleep too much.    CC said
   AE
   So, which students have you talked to about this? I mean that you have some clues to the Chamber of Secrets.
    Dumbledore wanted to know how much Lockhart knew.
   Weekend member of my Dueling Club.
   
   It seems that the range of suspects has been further narrowed, isn't it?
    Dumbledore continued to ask calmly.<<Yue NaiAt-Lockhart knew that Snape had told Dumbledore about the diary, but Dumbledore was still pretending to be confused with himself, and felt a little annoyed.
   It seems that I have to put a 
   safety guard
    on my room before I go to bed at night. oo But principal, although it is not ruled out that someone in the duel club has already revealed it to the outside world, but if you consider that there is no alibi during Halloween, The two ranges appear to have overlapped. 
   Dumbledore tightened his lips, and then slowly opened his mouth:    Who■
   Gryffindor's first year, Ginny Weasley...and she was one of the first to know that Harry was going to the Deathday Party.
    Lockhart said, staring at Dumbledore's expression.Dumbledore's expression finally fluctuated, which was the first time in Lockhart's memory.
   This speculation is really amazing...that's just a first-year student, it's impossible to have the ability to cast advanced dark arts, and the Weasleys are such good people, and her wand is also unicorn hair...
   
   You don't have to explain this to me, you just have to tell me what to do.Although Lockhart still had a smile on his face, Dumbledore knew exactly what he meant.
   ...It seems that the object of our doubts is the same, but Gildero, I don't know if I have the face to keep you silent?
   
   That depends on what is being traded. As you know, as long as people have desires, they will have weaknesses. But I always want to say that Mr. Creevey's family entered Huobi because of their trust in me. Gewartz is a student, and I have to take responsibility for this matter.
   Dumbledore's gaze fell on Lockhart's face from above the glasses, as if to confirm whether he was telling the truth.Make up as you wish. ’ he said.The attack on Colin Creevey finally caused panic among the students at school.Unlike the previous time when only one cat was unlucky, the petrified person this time was a large living person. These two things are completely different concepts.Although the school has repeatedly stated that no one will die, this does not bring much comfort to people, because the preparation of the potion will not be until next spring, and the students think that they will spend half a year unconscious in bed. I felt a chill in my heart
   It's terrible.
    Hermione said to Harry and the others when she was doing her homework.Judging from the expressions of Ron and Harry, their thoughts have been petrified for half a year. What are you still thinking about the exam?Wu Jin said that Professor Lockhart had gone to the hospital to accompany Colin, and he thought it was his fault. Harry said with some guilt, 
   You guys think, shouldn't I tell them about hearing the unusual voice?
    
   Ron hesitated.He had wanted to persuade Harry not to, but his stance softened a bit after the incident of the students being attacked.
   You can tell Dumbledore,
    he suggested.Harry looked around cautiously to make sure no one was listening to them before lowering his voice and whispering his thoughts to his companion.
   Whoever it is, that guy must be coming for me. I didn't suffer when I was playing.Are you hurt?Later I went to the school hospital, but Madam Pomfrey cured me in the blink of an eye, so I didn't stay in the school hospital, but that guy was lurking around the school hospital.Both Ron and Hermione frowned.
   There is indeed a possibility.
    Hermione said, 
   It seems that we need to speed up the investigation... But this may violate 50 school rules, you have to be mentally preparedThe two were surprised:    Are you joking? Violating school rules? You?
   
   What's the matter? This is a matter related to the life of the whole school.
    Hermione said naturally, 
   I have a plan and have been collecting materials, but it was useless in the end.
   
   What materials to collect?
   Hermione obviously thought it through carefully:    The compound potion one by one can turn you into the person you want to be, thanks to Professor Lockhart allowing me to borrow books from the restricted section, I found it from 
   Power Potion
    recipe, we can use it to get into the Slytherin common room and question Malfoy.
   Harry and Ron couldn't believe it:    When did you...
   
   When we wanted to investigate what exactly Snape threatened Professor Lockhart, I had this plan... well, don't interrupt, listen, we still need a key medicinal ingredient, you have to cooperate with me. 
   The two older boys nodded foolishly:    What is it?
   
   African tree snake skin, but anyone who orders this thing must be registered by the Ministry of Magic, it is difficult to get it, so I plan to steal it from Snape's storage room, you just need to attract Snape's attention outside That's fine, I'll start to steal, after all, I have no criminal record.
   The two of Harry looked at each other.Hermione had already arranged everything, the two of them were men after all, and by the timeIt seems a little unreasonable to talk about fleeing after this.
   I'll go to Fred and George to borrow some fireworks... if we say we're messing with Snape, they'll,
    said Ron.Chapter 73 Snake Pie and Lion PieAfter Colin was attacked, Lockhart arranged five or six warning and protective spells before going to bed every day. Not only did he wear protective contact lenses on his eyes, but even his close-fitting nightgown was replaced with a dragon skin lining.Although it is a bit uncomfortable to sleep like this, compared with Xiaoming, these are relatively not so important.He clearly knew where the murderer was, but Lockhart still had to be so passive. This feeling was really indescribably uncomfortable.Because he didn't dare to cast the Silencing Charm anymore, and the equipment on his body made him sleep very uncomfortable, Lockhart's dark circles had stayed on his face for more than half a month.If you add that when you go home for Thanksgiving, Lockhart's mother keeps telling him to 
   get married quickly and find a good woman to take care of yourself
   , the pressure on Lockhart is even greater.His anxiety was noticed almost immediately by some attentive students.One day, Hermione specially brewed a small pot of palliative, and knocked on the door of his office.Lockhart opened the door, only to see Hermione holding a mouthful of bubbling little W, stammeringly explaining why she came, and advising him 
   don't be too tired
   
   Ah, palliative! This is the difficult part of .W丄?s!
    Lockhart exclaimed, 
   I doubt you can get Potions even if you propose to graduate now.
   
   I just tried it according to the recipe in 
   Advanced Potion Making.
    Hermione looked very embarrassed, thinking that it would be successful just once. 
   Seeing her like this, Lockhart made a small joke by the way:    There is no love potion mixed in.
   After a 
   bang
   , as Hermione covered her face and quickly escaped from his office, there was only half of the pot of mitigant left, and the remaining half was fed to the map carpet.
   Just kidding! I'm kidding!
    Lockhart called after her.Hermione ran even faster.Although Lockhart felt better after drinking the palliative, he also reconfirmed one point-that is, this is not going to work, and he has to talk to Dumbledore.Originally, he wanted to take the initiative and wait for Dumbledore to take the initiative to talk to him about this matter, but now he found that he was the one who couldn't bear it first.There is no way, the crime of non-war, the pressure brought by Voldemort is too great.
   Chilled lemonade!
    he yelled at the statue in front of the headmaster's office.Dumbledore didn't seem surprised by Lockhart's arrival, as if he knew that Lockhart would come to talk to him sooner or later.
   Ah, Gildero! It's just in time! The reply from the International Federation of Wizards has come, and I'm happy to tell you that they are willing to add a British representative, but they hope you can go to France next summer to discuss Let’s talk about the business cooperation and fundraising related matters of the Triwizard Tournament.”
   Thank you, Headmaster, but I'm not here to talk about that today, but about my personal future... and the looming security concerns.
   
   The future? Of course it's bright! Don't tell me you have doubts about it yourself?
    Dumbledore asked back.Lockhart forced himself to smile:    It's hard to say, it depends on whether you care about my life, and whether you have a correct understanding of the rights and interests that I may bring to you.
   How do you say that?
   
   
   
Chapter 36   
   
   Lockhart thought for a moment and decided to trick Dumbledore into revealing part of his futureplanning.Throughout the millennium of Hogwarts, the political structure of the British wizarding world is almost a history of the struggle between the Lion House and the Snake House: the battle of pure blood and the fight between educated and non-human beings started from Slytherin and Gryffindor. started.Afterwards, they also brought the academic controversy into the political arena, and survived in the wizarding council as the conservative (snake) faction and the left (lion) faction in the wizarding world, until the wizarding council was later abolished and the Ministry of Magic was established.Relatively speaking, Yingyuan and Guanyuan are more like soy sauce in politics.People in the Eagle Academy tend to pay more attention to academics, while the Swelling Academy supports the mainstream productivity in the magic world. They are not very interested in political struggles. Sometimes they support lions, sometimes they support snakes, and jump around repeatedly depending on their own interests.If it weren't for Voldemort who was too aggressive and killed innocent people indiscriminately, the Hawks and Sarpas would not have completely fallen to the Lions in the end.Another point that must be emphasized is that the political position of wizards has nothing to do with blood.Although the standards of the Snake House are    pure blood
    and 
   ambition
   , this is more of a political attitude, and many mixed-bloods have actually mixed into the Snake House, such as Snape and Voldemort.In fact, the pure blood in the lion house is no less than that in the snake house, such as the Potter family and the Weasley family.Leaving aside the Weasley family, they have been hardcore lions for generations.And Ralston Potter has been a member of the Wizengamot Court since 1612, and firmly supports the 
   International Wizarding Secrecy Act
   , and opposes the conservative Malfoy family who opposes the 
   Secrecy Act
   .Therefore, the hostility between Harry Potter and Draco Malfoy is actually a kind of tradition, a kind of 
   inevitability in chance
   .If you want to be in politics, you can usually only join the Lions or the Snakes. It is not impossible to form a middle school yourself, but don’t be a fool, because people on both sides will look down on you.After Lockhart asked Dumbledore for the connections of the Lions, Dumbledore decided to agree to him after thinking for a while.It's not just about compensation.Although Lockhart came out of the Eagle Academy, his current public image is that of an 
   adventurer
    and an iconoclastic wizard who 
   fights against black magic
   . He does not discriminate against Muggles, and he is a mixed race. His political stance is naturally similar to that of the Lions. Closer, Dumbledore felt that supporting such a politician to fight with Fudge and knocking Fudge a little, the effect might be better than it is now.At the beginning, in order to get the upper hand, Fudge kneeled and licked Dumbledore without limit, and almost always sent letters to ask Dumbledore for his opinion, in order to gain the support of the Lion faction.At that time, Voldemort had just fallen, and the prestige, status, and activity energy of the Order of the Phoenix were in full swing, and the members of the Order of the Phoenix didn't care much about power, so Fudge was able to take this express train.But the desire for power made Fudge unwilling to be Dumbledore's puppet forever. He began to seek a way to get rid of the influence of the Lion faction, so he got on the line with Lucius Malfoy, the big benefactor of the Ministry of Magic, and switched to a more powerful society. Wealthy and powerful snake faction.Looking back, the reason why Fudge refused to admit Voldemort's return for more than a year was actually because he was afraid that after the return of the Order of the Phoenix, he would regain power by fighting against Voldemort, and then replace him who had betrayed the Lions .How much politicians can ignore the facts for the sake of power, I believe everyone can see from the current affairs news of various countries, no one can hide Fudge's little thought.Now that Fudge had betrayed the Lions, Lockhart naturally focused on these vacated Lions' political resources.There are two main political resources of the Lion faction: one lies in    political correctness
   , which is what Dumbledore often said about love, and there are slogans and ideas such as 
   teaching without discrimination
    and 
   wizards are equal
   ; the other is Because of their combat effectiveness, they shouldered the responsibility of eradicating black magic.
   Political correctness
    seems nonsense, but occupying this moral high ground can allow the Lions to unite far more wizards than the Snakes, and can naturally gain the sympathy of the good camp.It's like having to be called the emperor of Shangluo after you have military power and status. This is a necessity called 
   righteousness
   .But at the same time, the Lion faction is weaker than the wizarding conservatives in terms of 
   law and order
   , that is, those who adhere to the 
   tradition
    in the Snake faction.If law-abiding is not an advantage, then the foundation accumulated by adhering to tradition, that is, wealth and connections, the Lion faction is far inferior to the Snake faction.For older wizards, they pay more attention to interests than ideals, so they will gradually tend to think of snakes in the end.But Dumbledore is an outlier. When he was young, he crazily pursued the idea of ​​the Snake School, but after breaking up with his beloved Grindelwald because of the death of his sister, he discovered that the simple emotions of people are more precious than any benefits. The wealth, from the Dark Lord Miaozi transformed into a representative of the Lion faction.So you will see Dumbledore doing things in the way of thinking of the Snakes, but what he does is in line with the thinking of the Lions.The headmaster of Hogwarts is not only a headmaster, he is also a politician.
   Although I have already asked Snape this question, I still want to ask you, Gilderoy, I can help you and give you the resources you need most, but what can you give us in return?
    Dumbledore said ask him.Lockhart has already thought about the answer to this question:    Justice is not cheap, and those who uphold justice should also be paid reasonably. I will devote myself to building an order where 
   good is rewarded with good, and evil is rewarded with evil.
    
   
   for example?
   
   Since we protect the lives and properties of Muggles, we should obtain corresponding transaction profits from Muggles; since we are committed to defeating the dark magic world, then 
   the safest wizarding country in the world
    should also Become the best immigration choice for wizards all over the world; since Hogwarts is willing to dedicate its knowledge to all wizards, it should naturally become the best destination for studying magic for wizards all over the world...Of course, these are not free , as I said earlier, justice is not cheap. 
   Dumbledore knew what Lockhart was going to do as soon as he heard it-this is a typical snake thinking mode.But he didn't intend to refuse.
   I sincerely hope you can stay at Hogwarts longer,
    he said to Lockhart.Dumbledore stood up and shook hands with Lockhart, who seemed to have finally decided to let himself out.
   I'm monitoring Miss Weasley's situation from almost all directions, and I've also checked the location of the pipeline with a tracking spell. The target has been locked in the dilapidated girls' bathroom, your office. I also set up alarms through portraits around you, so you don’t have to worry about your own safety. Moreover, I heard that you ordered the goods from Greece through Gringotts, I believe that as long as you have that, there should be no more problems.”
   Really? What a reassuring guarantee.
    Lockhart seemed relieved.Dumbledore smiled:    It turns out that you still care about your own life, Gilderoy, I thought you were an outlaw who didn't care about your life for the sake of power!
   
   In some cases, life can be given up, but it must be given up meaningfully,
    Lockhart said solemnly.Chapter 74 Protecting students' daily lifeProbably knowing the content of Lockhart's meeting with the headmaster, Snape came to him the next day.
   I didn't expect you to be so stupid!
    He scolded Lockhart face to face, 
   How dare you accept the benefits of that old bee? You will be squeezed out of all the value by him, and then thrown away like a used-up shriveled fig peel .”
   It's an impressive metaphor, but don't worry.
    Lockhart poured him a glass of wine. 
   Power is not such an easy thing to manipulate. It is precisely because Dumbledore knows that he cannot control power, so I need to find a spokesperson. Until I find someone more suitable, I will be fine... You see, even that fool Fudge can get rid of him.
   
   That's because Fudge knows how to judge the situation.
    Snape said in a muffled voice, 
   He jumped out of Dumbledore's control early, and then accepted Lucius' kindness, but you still jumped in on your own initiative. 
   
   Following Dumbledore, I will gain more prestige.
   
   Forget it, that's because he can only give you this.
    Snape laughed,
   In fairy tales, the warrior who defeats the dragon can always get a mountain of treasure, the favor of a beautiful woman, and even the inheritance of the throne. But in reality, the person who finishes his work will only be killed by the old king with a cup of poisoned wine. 
   
   I'll just pretend I didn't understand.
    Lockhart didn't care.Seeing that he didn't get in, Snape didn't bother to continue to persuade him. Anyway, he was completely stuck in Dumbledore's place and couldn't get out. If one more fool jumped in, he could be regarded as having a company.He moved his nose twice, as if he smelled something.
   I think I smell hellebore syrup... demulcent?
    he opened his mouth.ask.
   Good nose, Miss Know-It-All sent it, she should have brewed it herself, but due to some accidents, I accidentally spilled some on the carpet, and I haven't asked the house-elf to wash it yet.
   
   Really? At first I was worried that my materials might be wasted. If she can make a moderating agent, then it seems that it won't be completely wasted.
   As Snape spoke, he squatted down to look at the carpet of an obviously different color
   Moonstone powder is not processed well enough, she should be sieved with ordinary sackcloth, and the temperature of the flame is not perfectly controlled when boiling... If it was in my fifth grade class, I would give it at most, but considering it is a Sophomore work, should I praise her for her audacity?
   
   What material is wasted?
    Lockhart was intrigued.
   African tree snake skin, combined with what they're boiling in that girl's bathroom, it should be Polyjuice Potion,
    Snape said with a straight face.
   Because of this thing, Potter still made trouble in my class and threw fireworks into the swelling potion, hoping that I wouldn't find it. Hmph... I don't need Legilimency at all, I can tell who it is just from his expression What the hell, that little fool not only can't close his brain, he can't even control his expression well.
   
   You didn't fire him?
    Lockhart showed his 
   surprise
    in a timely mannerSnape's sneer grew louder.As a way, the principal hoped that the savior would show more initiative, even though the place where they made the soup was right at the door of the snake. 
   When Lockhart thought about it, it was really outrageous:The place where the three saviors made the compound potion was the entrance to the Chamber of Secrets, and it was impossible for Voldemort to miss it.In theory, Ginny Weasley or Tom Riddle only need to secretly add some colorless and tasteless poison to the pot of compound soup while they are in class. The hp series novels will be completed after two books end.Snape obviously thought so too:    I'll take the time to look at the potion before it's ready, so they don't drink something they shouldn't, you little fools!
   No matter what the saviors planned to do with the compound potion, they obviously went in the wrong direction, but since Dumbledore allowed them to make mistakes, Lockhart and the others could only be patient and wipe their butts for the savior trio.Just as Lockhart was about to say something about suggesting that professors take turns on duty, a portrait suddenly broke into the empty picture frame hanging on the wall of his office.Lockhart recognized him because he was the author of 
   Principles of Magic
   —Adobert Waughlin, who had a portrait at Hogwarts because of his outstanding academic achievements, and was also a member of the chocolate frog picture.Originally, his portrait was hung over the Gryffindor Tower. Because he was often awakened by the little lions swimming in the night when he was sleeping, he felt a little disturbed, so Dumbledore changed the portrait. One place hangs outside the abandoned girls' bathroom, and it's quiet enough here.Now that Wu Fulin's portrait came to him, he must have something to say.Dear Professor Hart, the principal wants you to go downstairs immediately, which is the corridor on the second floor. said Waughlin to Lockhart.
   What's the matter?
    Lockhart stood up.
   Went there to evacuate a second grader named Justin Finch, who was near the bathroom, and 'that' was coming out again. 
   
   I see.
   Lockhart sighed, and popped his wand.
   Lingkull, take me downstairs!
    he yelled.— A house-elf appeared out of nowhere, grabbed the hand that Lockhart gave him, snapped his fingers, and Lockhart and the elf disappeared into the office.Because Lockhart's actions were too swift and swift, Snape was a little dazed, and didn't realize that he should go and stare until everyone disappeared.To apparate, even the magic of the house-elf was used... This guy is really for the benefit, he has no dignity as a wizard!In the corridor on the second floor, Justin Fletcher of Hufflepuff was hiding in the dark corridor reading a book, but suddenly he was startled by a hand on his shoulder behind himHe yelled in a panic, then raised an amethyst amulet in his hand, and his whole torso lay on the ground.Lockhart did not expect his reaction to be so great.
   Mr. Finlaye? Why are you hiding here reading?
   As he asked, he picked up the book on the ground, but the title of the book made his expression suddenly become a little weird.
   Queen Maeve and Her Lovers o One o Ireland's Love History
   Looking at such an explosive title, and the moving picture on the cover of the book, which is quite reminiscent of Italian oil paintings in the Renaissance period (of course, the style of painting is not similar, the main similarity is that the women in it don’t like to wear clothes very much), what does Lockhart think? Still don't know what kind of book this is.At this time, Justin Fenriery finally saw who it was. After seeing Lockhart flipping through the book he was reading with great interest, his face suddenly turned purple like a pig's trotter.
   Sir, I think I can explain... this is when I bought an old textbook at a second-hand bookstore, the owner said that he could send me another book and deliver it with other textbooksCome to the door...
    He said in a panic.Lockhart interrupted him, because time was limited, and the snake would come out if he chatted any longer
   Ah, totally understandable. If we didn't come to Hogwarts, but went to Eton College, you young children in the budding stage should be in the school bicycle shed by now, exchanging the same types of books to read... Come to my office and I'll show you something better.
   Chapter 75 Reverse Osmosis in the Muggle WorldJustin Finlayry followed Lockhart to his office with a trace of apprehension.He noticed that there were still two wine glasses on Lockhart's table, both of which had some residual wine - obviously, some guests here had just left.Lockhart pointed with his wand, and the wine bottle and glass disappeared from the table, replaced by a plate of sweets and a pot of black tea.Seeing these things, Justin Fenley was a little relieved, but he was still a little uneasy after all.
   Professor... the next class is Transfiguration, I dare not be late for Professor McGonagall's class... and I haven't previewed yet.
   He just wanted to use the excuse of taking a class to get away with it, but then he remembered the herbal medicine class that was canceled because of the blizzard, and the time freed up for this was enough for them to have free time to do something else, so he had to make up for it again.But Lockhart didn't look like he wanted to pursue anything.
   Mr. Finlayley, this is not what I want to talk about. This book is still yours. What I want to talk about is about your family.
    Lockhart handed him a cup of tea.Justin Fenliery obviously didn't expect this to be what he asked.
   My family? They're all Muggles,
    he replied honestly.
   It doesn't matter who they are, the key is whether you, as a wizard, want to give them something in return.
    Lockhart said solemnly, 
   They are your parents, Mr. Finlayley.
   
   Uh...yes. I'm going to take back some magic pictures for the summer, and some novelty gadgets, my dad loves the fang saucer that squeals when shot with a shotgun, and my mom... ah, she loves it so much Your book, let me take the whole set backIt.JJLockhart knew this during the summer vacation, after all, having female fans in the Muggle world satisfied his vanity.
   It's a great honor.
    He said, 
   It's a good thing that things from the wizarding world can also benefit your family. But if it's just a little trouble, it seems a little unreasonable... You know that the first-year Sarah Mr. Muir Mason?
   Everyone has heard that his family seems to be in the construction business, and they can get a lot of government public construction work every year. 
   Finlayly said the truth.
   Great, they recently set up a Muggle-born wizarding club: I heard that in addition to some group activities, the most common thing they do is to find ways to buy things from the wizarding world and bring them back to their families , and at the same time get some things from the Muggles to bring into the school and sell them to those little wizards.   Justin Finlieri smiled after hearing this:    I have also participated in two activities in that club, professor.
   Lockhart looked a little surprised:    Really? I don't know what you are doing... But I'm curious, what do those wizards need from Muggles?
   
   Too many, Professor.
   When it comes to this, Justin Fenlieli looks a little proud:   For example, kerosene lamps are brighter than candles, but they are cheaper than magic lamps. Many wizards will buy one. Principal Dumbledore discussed with us and said that he wanted to use them to replace the candles on the ceiling of the auditorium. Otherwise, Every year during the Sorting Ceremony, there will be candles dripping wax oil from the ceiling where the protection magic has expired.Another example is the sale of imported astronomical telescopes—that was my idea—it has a magnification effect of 720 times, and the entry-level product of German Baoshide. Professor Sinista, who teaches astronomy, said that this telescope is better than the yellow ones sold in Diagon Alley. The brass telescope was much clearer, and so precise that she could use it to see the sandy soil on the surface of Mars with just one magnifying spell.
   
   
Chapter 37   
   
   In the end, she bought the telescope from us for 280 Galleons, but we only bought it for 98 pounds, nearly 14 times the net profit, and there was no need to pay taxes.There is also a solar calculator—Professor Victor of Digital Divination said that it is very useful for this subject, and they should be included in the list of student teaching supplies for the coming year, and everyone has one... We will sell each of these calculators 10 Galleons, less than a Nat is a sin.We plan to sell cars and dresses in the future... It will be much more profitable than mowing the neighbors' lawn during the summer vacation. 
   Lockhart was overwhelmed:    What a genius! If all wizards were like you, the wizarding world would have entered modernization long ago, instead of being the same as it is now, no matter what business it is, it still looks like a handicraft workshop.
   
   If everyone was like us, we wouldn't be making any money, Professor,
    Finlayh grimaced.
   In any case, this is a revolution.
    Lockhart was not stingy with his praise, 
   Exchanging what is needed is the essence of business. I will introduce the Weeseac brothers and the Weasley brothers to you some other day. I believe you will be able to produce a lot of sparks of inspiration.
   
   Thank you, Professor.
    Justin Finlieri said hastily.Sure enough, 
   loving learning
    is beneficial. Not only was he not punished, but he was praised by Lockhart, and he got something to brag about when he went out.When walking out of the office with the candy, Justin suddenly and mysteriously added:   Professor, you've been looking for where Slytherin's Chamber of Secrets is, right?
    Lockhart was taken aback, 
   Yes, how did you know?
   
   You are a professor of Defense Against the Dark Arts. Unless the headmaster handles it personally, you will definitely give priority to this matter.
   oAlthough there are some misunderstandings in this, it is basically true that Dumbledore is the mostRecently it did put me in charge of maintaining order in part of the school. ' admitted Lockhart.
   Well, there is one thing I want to tell you.
    Justin Fenrieri lowered his voice, 
   I very much doubt that Harry Potter is the heir of Slytherin.Lockhart suddenly felt thunder rolling:    Why do you say that?
   
   Because they have been sneaky recently, many of us have seen them go in and out of the abandoned girls' bathroom on the second floor, and it just so happens that the two recent attacks were found not far from there on the second floor... You said, Three second-year students, what do they go there every day? Maybe there is the entrance to the secret room, I remember you said that the descendants of the Gunter family remodeled the toilet pipes.
   Lockhart was amazed that Justin Finlayry's crooked attack was on the right track—the location of the secret room that even the trio of the Saviors hadn't discovered was now casually mentioned by him, even though the reasoning process was very outrageous.
   Maybe one of them fell in love with Moaning Myrtle,
    Lockhart joked.
   Haha.
    Justin Fenry was obviously amused, 
   Of course, I'm just guessing, maybe they have some other secrets out there.
   Lockhart decided to excuse Harry and the others.
   Yeah...but I happen to know what they're doing there, they're brewing a potion of potion there,
    said Lockhart, 
   if you open one of the compartments in the bathroom, you'll find a small potion Burning with an unquenchable magic fire.Finlayh did not doubt Lockhart's words.
   I see... oh, I didn't mean to frame anyone, Professor. We Hufflepuffs don't always like to care about other people's business, you know.
   I understand, Justin,
    Lockhart said gently.Justin Fenriely breathed a sigh of relief, and then he didn't mention it again.Lockhart could see that even though Justin Fenriery had doubts about Harry and the others, he didn't really take it seriously, otherwise he wouldn't be hiding in the corridor next to the old bathroom to watch Xiao Huang. book.But this is really interesting, even Fenlieli found out that the attack site was around the second floor, why couldn't the savior find out?And carelessly put the pot there?Just as he was thinking, there was another knock on the office door.
   Professor Lockhart! There is another attack, please go and take a look!
    The person outside the door shouted.Lockhart was taken aback—he had already evacuated Justin!Why are there still people being attacked?But after some understanding, he was relieved: it turned out that the one who was attacked this time was Nearly Headless Nick, just a ghost.Since it was already impossible to die again, Nick was simply petrified, and could also be restored with a Mandrake potion.Although I can monitor passing students, I can't remind you of ghosts passing through the wall, which doesn't count.     Dumbledore explained to Snape.Chapter 76 Deserted ChristmasSo far, though none of the chamber basilisk's attacks have actually killed anyone, their impact has been more than one sensation at a time.It was Filch's cat who was attacked for the first time. Although everyone said it was a pity, they were probably happy to see it happen.The second time the student was attacked was a first-year student. Although the student was attacked is a bad omen, the students can also use 
   Muggle-born students will be attacked
    and 
   first-year students have no resistance
    to comfort Own.But this time it was a ghost—even though the ghost's killing ability was not very strong, everyone had to admit that the ghost was also a very difficult weapon to deal with.Because there are not many spells that can work on them, especially 100% of the magic that acts on the entity will not take effect, and the effect of the magic on the nervous consciousness is also halved. Only some extremely powerful black magic can harm a person. ghost.But Nearly Headless Nick seemed no different from the cat and the first grader in front of the attacker, all of them were suddenly petrified with a shocked expression on their faces, and they didn't even have time to react.The students finally realized the seriousness of the problem—this attacker might not be easy to deal with.If the attacker's magic level could instantly petrify a ghost, it wouldn't take much longer to defeat a seventh grader by the same means.-At that time, the students began to panic-in addition to exploring Slytherin's secret room, the most popular move was to buy amulets for parents.Where there is a market, there will be merchants. In addition to Eddie, the famous Ravenclaw profiteer, the Weasley brothers of Gryffindor have also joined the battlefield. I don’t know where they got it from—A large number of amulets are sold in public.Even the young wizards of the 
   Muggle Gang
    asked their families to help them buy a lot of amulets from the Muggle world, such as Saturn decorations, blue ribbons, scarab pendants, etc., and the sales were actually pretty good .It's a pity that no one bought the cross, and the batch fell into their own hands.Because of witch hunts in the Middle Ages, wizards had a deep aversion to crosses, so it was generally believed that crosses were unlucky, so how could someone buy crosses as amulets?Neville Longbottom bought a large number of things such as amethyst and matchmaker's tail, which cost him a lot of pocket money.The wind of amulets intensified, and Lockhart had to go out to conduct science popularization with the little wizards.He told them that everyone should not believe in the metaphysics of amulets, but should rely on scientific principles and hope for reliable magic.Instead of buying so many useless things, he might as well put on the contact lenses he prepared for the Dueling Club, and wear a dragonskin cloak with a stiff collar, so that his chances of survival will be greater.As a result, after he said this, the little wizards became more comfortable.Gilderoy Lockhart, the top master of black magic confrontation, actually thinks that everyone needs to go out fully armed?Lockhart didn't know why he was passed on like this because he didn't want to see the little wizards spending money carelessly, and they casually sarcastically said a few words about the amulets. His original words obviously didn't mean that.But the resulting panic effect is that before the Christmas holiday, almost all students have booked train tickets for the Hogwarts special train, so that the special train that was originally planned to carry only 3 carriages had to be temporarily changed to 6 carriages.Harry Potter naturally stayed at Hogwarts, if possible, he wouldHe never wanted to go back to Number 4 Privet Drive again, and Ron and Hermione stayed with him.Snape saw this clearly:    The Polyjuice Potion is almost ready, and whatever their goal is, they'll be doing it in a few days.
   Percy also stayed, claiming that it was for the sake of running the Dueling Club during the holidays, and to survive with the school when it was in danger.But Lockhart knew that Percy had forgotten his wife before he got married.He was going to spend the Christmas holidays with his girlfriend Penello, so he didn't want to go home.As a teacher at Hogwarts, Lockhart would of course have to stay at school, but he planned to use the two days to do some private work, such as going out to discuss new books and investment matters.Of course, you still have to attend the Christmas Eve party. Even Trelawney, a socially phobic person, has to attend the Christmas party. There is no reason for Lockhart not to attend.Because he had already returned home for Thanksgiving, Lockhart didn't go back specifically, but just sent back his Christmas presents and greeting cards, and told his parents about opening a new book.The draft of his new book was sent back with the gift—Lockhart's mother was often his first reader, so no one could know what kind of content witches liked better than Lockhart's mother. In this regard, he will attach great importance to the opinions of his mother's readers.After going to the owl house to send presents to family, Lockhart began to prepare Christmas presents for colleagues and students.Of course, gifts from the principal, several deans and colleagues are indispensable. In addition, he must take care of the students who participated in the Dueling Club and the few students he brought out from Muggle families.Considering that he will have to build a good relationship with his boss in the future, Lockhart has to send something to Peasegood.Of course it’s easy to send things to the boss, just throw away a bottle of expensive wine and send them away.Colleagues need him to pay a little more attention to match his interestsFor example, he gave Professor McGonagall a keychain in the shape of a Quaffle, gave Snape a mechanical automatic balance with gas cylinders that could weigh gas, and Professor Sprout got a Muggle Michelin gourmet recipes, as for Flitwick, the old dean, Lockhart lost a magic music box that can play 7 songsThe same goes for the headmaster, of course Lockhart would not send a bunch of woolen socks to Dumbledore foolishly. People say that the 
   socks
    they want actually refer to family affection. Giving socks to Dumbledore as a gift, I'm afraid the old bee will just roll his eyes.So Lockhart chose a wind-up record player for Dumbledore, and attached a vinyl record of Mark Knopfler's 
   GingHme (Coming Home)
   .If it is already difficult to choose a gift for adults, then it is even more troublesome for little wizards, because they care about the uniqueness of their gifts. If they just throw a bunch of candies and cookies like everyone else, they will undoubtedly feel that they are affected ignore.Lockhart had to take advantage of Wednesday to go to Diagon Alley and Harrods to buy gifts for his students, and finally got all the goods before the evening.It's not easy being a heartthrob, Lockhart sighed.Chapter 77Christmas GiftsCompared with previous years, the owls at Hogwarts are much more relaxed this year, because those who should go home have already returned home yesterday, so they don't need them to deliver gifts to little wizards.But this also means that their chances of earning 
   extra money
    are gone. No one uses them to deliver letters. If they want to eat, they can only catch mice by themselves.Just as they were grinding their claws and preparing to kill the field mice in the farmland next to Hogwarts, their savior appeared.
   Tsk... so many little wizards have returned home this year.
   Lockhart appeared in the owl house carrying a large bag of presents.While the owls were waiting, he took out a large pile of chicken and fed the owls to their fullest.Since Hagrid had been working as the supervisor of the Dueling Club on Wednesday nights, it was inevitable that the farm was a bit slack. As a result, all the roosters in the chicken coop died inexplicably.In his annoyance, Hagrid wanted to dispose of these chicken carcasses—because chickens killed by weasels or sable martens (in his opinion) were not edible, and he had to pay for them himself These chickens at Hogwarts.Lockhart knew that Voldemort had killed these roosters in advance in order to avoid the Basilisk being inexplicably disturbed again. No matter who was the guard, it was useless, and Hagrid was a bit wronged.So he excused that Hagrid's problem was caused by being a referee, so he bought these dead chickens cheaply and fed them to the owls.Watching the owls chomping at the chicken, Lockhart wished he could save the worldThe Lord's action can be quicker.Regardless of the original book, it seems that no one died from being attacked by a basilisk, not even a cat lost its life, and the overall level is still at the level of children's literature, but these roosters are intentionally or unintentionally ignored by some people.In detail, all the lives Voldemort killed in the book 
   The Chamber of Secrets
    were these roosters.how?Is the life of a rooster not life, but that of cats and dogs?After eating and drinking, the owls stretched out their legs in satisfaction, allowing Lockhart to tie presents to their legs one by one, and went straight to their destination.Unlike the wizards who went home, the students who remained at Hogwarts received gifts directly from Lockhart, which the house-elves delivered to their pillows at night.After Lockhart delivered the things, he returned to his room and had a good night's sleep. When he woke up the next day, he found that his bed had already been piled up like a mountain.It seems that not only do you give out more, but you also receive a lot.Most of the gifts from students from wizarding families are handmade products, such as magic musical instruments, handmade chocolates, etc., while the gifts from Muggle families are more wine, accessories, pipes, etc. Although the gifts are not expensive, they are not expensive for a person. For teachers, these things are really precious.Harry gave Lockhart an automatic razor, and I don't know when he bought it; while Ron's was a little simpler, and he gave Lockhart a pair of explosive cards with The pattern seems to be drawn by myself; the Weasley twins have a new product they just researched - the Weasley fireworks box with twenty bursts; Cedric gave Lockhart a trekking pole with The unwearable silver head is said to be able to restrain vampires.Compared with these boys' gifts, Hermione's gift is more thoughtful-a lilac purple, hand-woven scarf, and the decorative beads on the corner of the scarf are stuffed with soothing herbs, girls can be seen from the meticulousIn addition to the students, several familiar professors also gave Lockhart something -Professor McGonagall gave Lockhart a whole order of magic paper, and Lockhart recognized at a glance that it was a special paper plane used to deliver messages within the Ministry of Magic. As long as you write a message and recipient, it will automatically fly to Destination, faster and cleaner than the Owl.If it weren't for the fact that they are all disposable and more easily intercepted than owls, it would have replaced owls as a special communication tool among wizards long ago.What Professor Flitwick gave was a magic scroll, which recorded a magic called 
   Eagle's Radiance
    with a moving picture. The effect was to make the caster look more radiant and charming.Lockhart decided to use this magic when he ran for officeAlthough Snape usually speaks with a good gun, the gift he gave was really unambiguous, and it can even be said to be the most expensive gift Lockhart received today.It was a small vial of clear, turquoise potion—extreme enhancer.As the name suggests, the general enhancer can only increase the physical strength of the drinker, while the intelligence enhancer can make the drinker's thinking extremely clear, and will never be confusedAlthough the potency of the two can not be considered weak, but compared with the ultimate enhancer, they can only be regarded as pale in comparison, /
    pale.It can make a wizard's magic power reach the intensity of the magic power burst in a short time, and after drinking it can permanently increase a part of the magic power limit of the wizard, and the side effect is only that the body is weak within one hour after the effect of the medicine has passed, which is very precious , Money can't buy it.This favor is too great.Lockhart thought.In addition to these acquaintances, there were also a large group of witches whom Lockhart didn't know at all, who also sent gifts. These gifts were various, and there were even a few pieces of underwear among them, and it looked like they had been worn.To this, Lockhart responded by throwing them all into the fire in the fireplace, so that at least they could be used as waste.Others belonged to business partners, such as Whits Harder Books, whose gift was a newspaper.It was a copy of the 
   Daily Prophet
    on the 24th, and the sixth page on it used a full half of the page to promote Lockhart's new book, saying that the famous Gilderoy Lockhart even in Hogwarts Teacher Ci is still taking risks. He is currently looking for the legendary Slytherin's secret room, and has already grasped some important clues. He will write it in a new book after the investigation is clear. Please look forward to mThe reason why they came up with this newspaper was to let Lockhart see the sincerity and strength of the publishing house, and tie this powerful author firmly to their company.Sure enough, Lockhart was very satisfied when he saw the newspaper—let's send a book to them as well!However, Gilderoy Lockhart was not the only one who saw this newspaper, even some young wizards at Hogwarts noticed it.In the Gryffindor lounge, Hermione, who was reading a newspaper, suddenly let out a scream.
   What's the matter? Hermione?
    Harry and Ron, who were playing chess, asked hastily.
   Look at this advertisement! It says that Professor Lockhart has found clues to the Chamber of Secrets and is going to reveal the answer to all readers next year!
    Hermione pointed to the advertisement in the 
   Daily Prophet
   .Harry and Ron's attention was drawn in an instant.
   
   Really? Harry asked curiously, 
   If the professor already has the location of the Chamber of Secrets, why didn't he just grab the heir of Slytherin?
    
   
   Who knows, maybe he's just bragging...don't stare at me like that, Hermione, people who write books have to exaggerate, don't they...I mean, even though he's Lockhart, but...but
   
   
Chapter 38   
   
   The book company may not consider his own opinion when promoting it. Maybe this is just the result of the operation of the publishing company. 
   As soon as Ron spit out half of what he said without thinking, Hermione stared at him and his voice became smaller and smaller, and finally changed his words helplessly.Seeing that he retracted his words, Hermione didn't intend to pursue it further, but turned the topic back to their previous plan.
   Anyway, the investigation we should be doing is still to be done.
    Hermione whispered, 
   The Polyjuice Potion is ready, we will start tonight.
   
   More?
    The two hesitated, 
   Since the professor already has clues...
   
   Didn't you also say that, it is very likely that it is just a propaganda method of the publishing house.
    Hermione saw the two people's willingness to retreat, but she still insisted on her will.
   No matter what, the professor is investigating this matter. If we can get the news directly from the Slytherin common room, it will definitely help the professor a lot. Even if it doesn't help, it can also enrich some details. …Oh, Ginny, you're down too? Why are you so pale? Did you have another nightmare last night?
   
   No, I'm fine.
    Ginny forced herself to smile, 
   It's already a holiday anyway, I think I'll probably feel much better after two days of rest.
   
   That's true... have you received a gift from Professor Lockhart?
   Ginny hesitated for a moment:    Yes, it's a beautiful golden quill. After writing 1 words with it, it can automatically write by imitating your language style... How about you?
   
   A lilac-colored magic umbrella!
    Hermione said beamingly. 
   Not only can it fly up and open itself when it rains, but it can also block hundreds of evil spells...
   
   And that Christmas card—
    Ron added, 
   —allow me to use it in my place, to protect Miss Granger when I'm not around her'
   
   If you don't speak, no one will treat you as dumb.
    Hermione stared at him viciously.he replied.Harry shrugged aside - Lockhart gave him a gift, a sphere with wings that looked like a snitch, but with what looked like an eyeball at the end.- After reading the instruction manual, he realized that this thing is called 
   the third eye
    - it can share the vision with the wizard, and it is the same as Xixiu, no matter where, as long as there is a crack, it can get in.It seems to be very useful, but Harry can't figure out how to use this thing for a while.What Ron got was a gentleman's monocular glasses, the kind with a gold chain. The lens was coated with a layer of special ink, and he could see the magic concentration of units within a certain range.He experimented a little and found that a first grader had a green outline on the lens, while a third grader was chartreuse, a fifth grader was yellow, a seventh grader was orange, and Professor McGonagall came to the common room All Ron saw from her when the Christmas schedule was read out in the bedroom was a deep red, almost purple.Ron's momentary curiosity) and when he met Dumbledore in the corridor, J sneaked a look at the Headmaster with those glasses.Then he was almost blinded by the dazzling bluish-white light flashing from the glasses, and he had to wait for a while to let his eyes rest.Although he knew it was not the responsibility of the lens, but in a short time he was in any caseI don’t even want to wear it anymore. Chapter 78 Strong mobility is the characteristic of LionsChristmas Eve finally came, and all the little wizards who were still in school came to the auditorium to have Christmas dinner with the teachers and students of the school.This year, because there were too few people left, no one sat at the college table to eat. Dumbledore directly cast magic, pushed all the long tables to the side, and then turned into a round table, and everyone gathered around this round table Have Christmas dinner.As Hogwarts' annual big meal, the house elves have been busy with it since the morning, and the preparations they have made are not insufficient.Although due to various accidents this year, there is no big chicken leg that Ron can grab and eat with one hand, but the fresh and tender lamb pie, the roasted beef and pork leg that overflows with gravy after cutting perfectly make up for this. , coupled with the indispensable roast goose and a wide variety of fruits on Christmas Eve in the UK, even the pickiest foodie can't protest that the dinner is not rich enough.Although Lockhart had to keep in shape, he couldn't help but eat more after seeing this kind of battle, but he had to run an extra 5 kilometers around the lake for it tomorrow morning.Unlike other students who ate as much as they could, Hermione dragged the reluctant Harry and Ron out of the auditorium after half of the three of the Saviors ate, and it seemed that they were about to make a big move.Seeing the three of them going out, Dumbledore glanced at Snape while eating his favorite sweets, which probably meant that it was time for you to go.Snape stood up unobtrusively, and said goodbye to his colleagues who were still eating.Because he had been walking alone, no one suspected anything. In addition, most of the people present had drunk alcohol, so no one noticed his behavior.Not far from the auditorium, seeing no one around, Snape took out his wand.
   Superinvista_lslaturus!Snape's figure vanished into thin air as the unusual incantation was spoken.The original Disillusionment Curse only made people transparent, and it was not impossible to find traces if you looked closely, but the effect of Snape's Disillusionment Curse was far better than normal.This was not because Snape had developed any new spells, but because Lockhart had improved the Disillusionment spell.Regardless of whether it is polarized light or light transmission, this is after all just a way to deceive people's visual perception.The reason why the invisibility cloak is more difficult to see through is because it also covers part of the sound of breathing and smell, so my improved 
   Excellent Invisibility
    not only optimizes the boundary effect of polarized light, but also has the effect of noise reduction and odor isolation. I'm thinking of ways to add a bit of the effect of the Confusion Curse to it. As long as this is finally completed, no one can have teeth unless it is a magic master who maintains the state of 
   true knowledge
    at all times...Snape remembered laughing at the guy at the time, saying that he spent so much time on these little tricks that it was completely unnecessary, but in the end, somehow, he 
   improved
    this long, awkward spell Got it down.But after using it, Snape realized that the effect was really good, because after using this spell, he found that even the sound of walking was blocked.He curled his lips secretly, then walked quickly to Myrtle's girls bathroomHe had just walked outside the washroom when the voice inside floated out:   ...I put ordinary sleeping pills in here, Muggle side, even Snape can't find it, then just let Crabbe and Goyle see these two pieces of chocolate cake, they will definitely eat it...
   Sleeping pills on the Muggle side...well, probably wouldn't have found it, but now I do.Snape thought.
   Once they passed out, we plucked a few hairs out of them and threw them in the broom cupboard, and then we threw the ingredients into the polyjuice potion oo
   
   Hermione, I don't think—
   That could be a big mistake
   You're still talking like this now. Polyjuice Potion won't work without adding their hair!
    Hermione taught her two older boys, 
   You guys want to ask Malfoy , right? Since you all think he is the biggest suspect... If we don't stun them, how can they break in when we are interrogating Malfoy?There was a moment of silence in the room before Harry and Ron's voices reappeared.make up...
   Then we pretend to be Crabbe and Goyle...how about you?
   
   Daphne Greengrass.
    Hermione was already prepared.
   Who is that?
    Harry asked in bewilderment.But after hearing that person's surname, Ron understood which A Hermione was talking about.
   Slytherin's, girls in our year, don't you remember?
    Ron told Harry.
   Honestly, there's nothing wrong with that.
   
   Because she belongs to the Greengrass family, all women in their family have a blood curse, and they will die after giving birth, so the health of their family has always been not very good, and they rarely come to class.
   Anyway, it's 28 pure blood, of course Ron knows something that Harry doesn't
   Yes, hold me up after you become Crabbe and Goyle, and say we met by chance, worried that my body might not be able to return to the common room, no one would doubt it, and she herself It's home for Christmas, I just have to say I'm back early.
    Hermione looked confident.Ron was a little curious:    Strange, Hermione, you are Muggle-born...how did you know her?
   
   Fool! Her and I's surnames both start with letters, and they were shared together during the exam! I bet you must be in a daze during the exam, and you didn't even say hello to the people sitting next to you?
   
   Uh, I mean, how did you get her hair?
   
   Before the final exams last semester, I was helping her review in the library. She untied a hairpin from her own hair and gave it to me. There was her hair on it... I see.■
   understood.
   
   Then what are you waiting for, let's do it!
   After listening to their plan quietly outside the door, Snape covered his face in pain.What is the plan of these hairy children?It was full of mistakes and omissions.It turns out that the compound decoction was made for more than a month just to question Malfoy?What a waste of my African tree snake skin.It's fine to stun Goyle and the others directly, but you never thought that after they come out of the broom cupboard, as long as they match up with Malfoy a little bit, wouldn't you be exposed?And Miss Greengrass, isn't it the same?Seeing Harry and Ron hurry past him with chocolate cakes in their hands, Snape felt tired for a while.Looks like I'll have to handle the end... No wonder Dumbledore keeps me staring.Chapter 79 Everybody's PlayingSnape thought such a nonsense plan would never succeed, but some people were more cooperative than he imagined.While Hermione was waiting anxiously, Harry and Ron finally returned victorious with what Hermione wanted.
   Here, the brown hair is Crabbe, and the yellow one is Gull.
   With an expression of asking for credit, they handed the things to Hermione:    You can't imagine how stupid they are! They didn't feel at all awkward about the chocolate cake that appeared there, and ate it directly...
   That's because I've Confounded them - added Snape, who was invisible behind them, in his mind.We stuffed them in the broom cupboard without anyone noticing.Shoes were also brought, because we felt that after drinking the soup, the original shoes would not fit our feet. 
   Yeah, didn't anyone find out, including Crabbe and Goyle himself?Snape's heart was broken at this time - if I hadn't cast an Oblivion Curse on them, making them think that they had eaten a stomachache and passed out, I'm afraid they would realize that they had been plotted against immediately after waking up .After I go back, I must tell the principal that the savior is obviously a brain-dead man who is completely unable to take up the task of defeating the Dark Lord. Let him live a lively and happy life like a normal mentally handicapped child.Of course, Harry and the others couldn't hear Snape's heartfelt voice, so they were still immersed in the joy of success and were ready to do a big job.Hermione swiftly divided the compound soup in the candy into three parts, and then put HaThe hair in Li's hands was collected, and together with what he had collected, he put them into three cups.The black liquid that had been tumbling in the three cups suddenly changed, and they became the same color as Hermione's hair.
   This is yours, yours, this is mine.
    Hermione quickly dispensed the soup, put on makeup, stop talking nonsense, the two of you go to the next compartment to drink the medicine...Just as Harry and Ron came out with the potion, Snape approached them quietly, and looked carefully at the cups in their hands, his nose still twitching.Hmm... Although the materials are not prepared well, at least there is nothing wrong with the ingredients of the formula, and it should be able to have the desired effect, but the effect may not last for an hour.But no matter what, drinking it shouldn't kill you.After confirming the safety of the potion, Snape stepped back a bit, allowing these brave little wizards to drink the compound potion.Snape was a little desperate - after these little guys drank the potion, they would definitely cause a lot of troubles later: and all these troubles had to be wiped by him, Snape.Why did the damn old bees only let me keep them in charge?Isn't he still there?What about the Lockharts?Isn't he the best at dealing with kids like this?■Of course Lockhart wasn't going to be sent by the headmaster, because they were doing something that Snape would be mad if he found out.After the last dessert was removed, Lockhart was full of energy: he organized a duel club Christmas entertainment match with the help of Christmas decorations in the auditoriumAt this time, in the middle of the duel arena is the Christmas tree that Hagrid had painstakingly chopped down.Now it has been decorated by Professor Flitwick with wands, music boxes, gold stars, ruby ​​balls, phalaenopsis and the like.   Later I'll cast a spell on the Christmas tree,It will send to the venue every once in a whileThrow candies in the sky, you are not allowed to use magic,Can only be picked up with a Christmas stocking.candy dropAfter the land, it will disappear directly and return to the Christmas tree,So you don't have to worry about wasting it.The one who receives the most candies at the end can choose your presents from the Christmas tree first...
   Halfway through his speech, he suddenly found himself unable to continue.Because Dumbledore, Professor McGonagall, and Professor Babling also came to the sidelines one after another and picked up a Christmas stocking.
   Uh... this sock is a contestant's prop, Headmaster.
    Lockhart added with a fluke.But the headmaster waved his socks and smiled like a 00-year-old kid.
   Of course we know it's a contestant's prop, but I checked the rules and it doesn't seem like anyone is prohibited from participating.
   
   But the prizes are just some... star-shaped chocolates covered with gold leaf, licorice candy wands, cake music boxes and strawberry panna cotta balls.
    Lockhart had to add.But he regretted it right away—how could he forget about the old bee's sweet tooth?
   Great!
    Dumbledore was elated, 
   I want them all.
   
   You want to compete for candy with the children?
    Lockhart was completely desperate.
   In fact, it's a little embarrassing to say that, but I have to admit that my mother never bought me sweets when I was young, which made me like them all the time...Mrs. Lockhart must have loved you very much when you were young, right?
    Deng Bullido asked back.
   It is.
   
   Look, you don't like sweets very much now because you have eaten too much sweets. What about me? It's just making up for what you didn't eat before.
    Dumbledore asked
   
   
Chapter 39   
   
   With fallacies.Before Lockhart could continue speaking, the students next to him started clamoring.
   Come on, come on!
    the Weasley twins yelled at the professors in unison, 
   Let's fight! The gold star on top of the Christmas tree is ours!
   
   Dreaming!
    Dumbledore happily rushed onto the stage, shaking his gray beard.Looking at the flushed cheeks of the other professors from drinking too much, Lockhart finally gave up on the idea of ​​keeping the headmaster dignified—anyway, the old bee's dignifiedness is not pretended.
   People need to indulge once in a while... Anyway, today is Christmas.
    He comforted Percy beside him.The prefect of Gryffindor and the default student president, Percy Weasley, couldn't keep his mouth shut.So, when Snape stared at the savior trio being silly and wiped their asses, Dumbledore and a group of professors were fighting for candy with the students who stayed in school, if Snape knew about it , the tight string in his mind would probably break on the spot.
   Daphne...I mean, Miss Greengrass, why are you here?
   Draco Malfoy looked at the person in front of him in surprise, forgot what to say for a while, and remembered to say hello after a long while.Daphne...it should be Hermione, she continued to speak in a serious manner according to the prearranged rhetoric.
   I want to go out for a walk... The bottom of the lake is too stuffy, you know, that kind of oppressive feeling...cough cough...
   Hermione deliberately coughed a few times according to the person's posture in her impression.Malfoy quickly called his two 
   followers
   :   Don't hurry up to help... Very good, you two have made some progress today, and you willoffered to help. 
   Malfoy was extremely satisfied to see 
   Crabbe
    and 
   Goyle
    offer to help Hermione.Chapter 80: The Three Protagonists Who Meet Their OpponentsSince Hermione followed this time, of course Harry and Ron would not make the mistake of    halfway through and suddenly remembered where the Slytherin common room was
   .If even Hermione made such a small mistake, Snape would probably cancel the invisibility immediately, let the three of them go back and forth, and stop embarrassing himself in front of him.Malfoy led the trio to the door of the common room, shouted the password himself, and then put on a gentleman's posture, and welcomed Hermione in. The attitude of the trio was never seen before.
   ...Miss Greengrass, shall I take you back to your room?
   
   No, you don't have to,
    Hermione retorted.In order to avoid revealing flaws, Hermione set the basic strategy of 
   talking less, listening more, and asking more questions
    from the very beginning. At the same time, she also asked Harry to keep in mind that Crabbe and Goyle have always been different anyway. how to speak.Hermione made her way to the Slytherin girls' dormitory, and at the same time gave Harry and Ron a wink, telling them to do what they planned.Malfoy let out a sigh of relief after Hermione disappeared down the hallway.
   How did you meet Miss Greengrass? I thought you would stay in the auditorium and grab candy.
   
   Grab candy?
    
   Gol
    asked naively.
   Lockhart held a candy grabbing entertainment duel, and the old bee and those little lions were playing foolishly!
    Malfoy looked disdainful.Hearing that even Dumbledore was involved, both Harry and Ron looked disappointed, and this expression was quickly noticed by Malfoy.But they are not exposed, because this is very suitable for Crabbe and Goyle's persona, Malfoy also thought it was just his two servants who were addicted to gluttony again.
   Please! There is nothing to miss! It's just a little candy. If you want to eat, we can buy better ones at Honeydukes. It's not like I haven't given them to you.
   
   Ah, yes.
    The two responded quickly.
   By the way, how did you meet Miss Greengrass? I thought she had gone back.
    Malfoy was a little puzzled.In line with the principle of 
   talking more wrong than saying good
   , Harry and Ron were even more confused than Malfoy.
   I don't know...we see she seems a little uncomfortable...
    Harry replied slowly.Fortunately, Malfoy didn't expect to get an answer from them at all:    Well, maybe it's just the young lady's whim, who cares...
   Of course, if Malfoy knew that Daphne was his future sister-in-law, maybe he would show more respect, but now...I'm afraid he can only treat this Greengrass based on the consciousness of being a 28 pure blood. The eldest lady of the family showed proper etiquette.
   By the way, I'm going to show you something fun, just wait!
    Malfoy suddenly remembered something.He quickly returned to his dormitory, and then took out a newspaper:    Look at this!
   Harry and Ron leaned over to take a look, and found that Arthur Wesley was inspected by the Ministry of Magic and fined 50 Galleons for secretly modifying a magic car.Lucius Malfoy made use of the topic, while putting pressure on the Ministry of Magic and the Weasley family to ask Arthur Weasley to resign, while calling for changes to the law, especially the 
   Muggle Protection Act
   .Seeing Malfoy's appearance as if a stand-up show actor had just shaken his burden, Harry knew from his own emotional intelligence that he should laugh twice at this time, so he secretly kicked Ron—feet, and then forced himself to smile dryly.After being reminded, in order not to reveal himself, Ron could only suppress his anger and forced himself to laugh twice.Malfoy was satisfied - because that's what he wanted.
   They deserve it, who asked him to lead a team to search our house last week... It's no wonder he can find things. Our family hid the family secret room under the living room, and they just walked around on the carpet foolishly: I don't know either. Look below.This time his family is at a loss... Even if he can't be forced to resign, he must find a way to force them to hand over that magic. said Malfoy triumphantly.   The magic?
    Ron asked sensitively.Malfoy glared at him dissatisfied:    You forgot again, Vincent? How many times have I told you that our biggest task now is to find out the activation magic of the Weasleys... Forget it, I hope you have a long memory it is my mistake.
   Harry was a little surprised—Malfoy was also coveting Ron's family's magical wealth, which was almost the same as Soros asking a New York homeless man for his business secrets.He looked at Ron and found that Ron was even more surprised than him.But Malfoy ignored them, and continued on his own:    Giving dead things life-like qualities—that magic is too wasteful in the hands of the Weasleys.
   Ron seemed to think of something:    You mean the bat spell that turns nose hair into a living bat? And the mimetic change that gives magic cars a sense of intelligence...
   
   Thank God, you finally figured it out.
    Malfoy spread his hands mockingly, 
   It seems that your brain is still a little more complicated than that of trolls.
    I just wonder why a spell for a prank trick needs We care so much. 
   
   Tricks? That's why the Malfoys grow bigger and bigger, but your father mustThe reason why you have to come to my house to beg every now and then, Crabbe—you are as stupid as the Weasleys, sitting on a treasure mountain without knowing it. 
   Malfoy was not at all polite to his followers.Ron's fist hardened immediately, but thinking that he was scolding Crabbe, he suppressed his anger again.Malfoy didn't notice it, and still looked proud:    With it, the kowtow machine on my oil well can choose the depth by itself, pump out the oil, inject water back, and the conveyor belt can transport out the slag and keep It can save at least [-]% of operating costs by removing the oil residue and not requiring workers to maintain it.”Crabbe 
   wowed
   —a rare expression on his face.In order to avoid revealing the truth, Harry hastily answered the phone.I saw 
   Gol
    seriously admonishing Malfoy:    This must not be known to the Weasley family.
   Malfoy chuckled:    I'm not at the point where I need you to remind me... Ah, where did we just say that? Oh, yes... After this incident, my father will put pressure on the Ministry of Magic to ask Wei Sly handed over the spell that endowed the car with intelligence. His family was a disgrace to pure-blood wizards and did not deserve such good magic.
   Crabbe
    and 
   Gol
    looked at each other, and instantly understood what the other meant - they wrote the letter as soon as they got back!
   ...and the savior Potter, who, like the Weasleys, is completely unrealized as a pure-blood wizard, ignorant of the glory of wizards. Our family and the Potters have been fighting politically for nearly 400 years Years, but in our generation it has come to an end... Invincibility is really lonely.
   This time it was Harry's turn to be surprised.Chapter 81 Can't Control My MouthTo be honest, Harry Potter didn't know much about his father, grandfather and family until now.Apart from the mountain of gold coins in his own treasury, Harry has not learned anything related to his family from other channels.But what he was sure of was that his father must be rich—because his mother was Muggle-born, and the dowry she received from her parents would not be too much, as his aunt Petunia knew.It never occurred to him that the first time he heard about his family was from Malfoy, not from Hagrid, Dumbledore or the Weasleys.
   Potter? I thought he was the one who opened the Chamber of Secrets.
   Harry suppressed his desire to ask for clarification, and continued to follow the plan Hermione had made.
   Him?
    Malfoy made a disdainful voice, 
   Impossible, only the descendants of Slytherin can open the Chamber of Secrets, there is no doubt about it, have you forgotten what we discussed that day?
   
   What?
    Harry felt his heart pounding.
   It was the day that Lockhart said he found the clue to the Chamber of Secrets, we discussed it.
    Malfoy seemed a little impatient, 
   The other houses don't know, so how can we not know that the Gaunt family is the descendant of Slytherin? Add to that the plumbing that was reworked in the 18th century... I bet you didn't hear anything.
   The Gaunt family responsible for transforming Hogwarts' pipelines are descendants of Slytherin?Harry was a little taken aback.
   Is the Potter family related to the Gaunt family?
    Harry finally askedA 
   digression
    that wasn't in Hermione's plansThis had been bothering him for a long time—because of his Parseltongue.
   It doesn't matter at all.
    Malfoy said firmly, 
   at least as far back as 1
    400 years ago is absolutely irrelevant, how could our Snake faction intermarry with the Lion faction, no matter who opened the secret room, it is absolutely impossible It's those three people. 
   Harry heard a few new words, but some of them obviously couldn't be asked so directly.
   Alas... So even you don't know. I really want to know who opened the secret room. We can help him.
    
   Gol
    sighed.This is what Hermione taught him, and Hermione promised that as long as the preparations are made, with Malfoy's desire to show off, he will definitely not be able to hold back after hearing this.Sure enough, Malfoy immediately said everything that needed to be said like beans pouring from a bamboo tube.
   Who says no? Dad obviously knows something. He told me to behave by the rules from the beginning of the semester. He said that something big will happen in school this semester. Let me behave normally and not arouse suspicion... He obviously knows everything , but just refused to tell me...
   Harry and Ron's eyes lit up—as expected!This chamber attack has something to do with Malfoy!Seeing the two people looking 
   thirsty for knowledge
   , Malfoy showed off in satisfaction:    Did you know that when the Chamber of Secrets was opened last time, a Mudblood died here. This time when it is reopened, I guess what will happen?
    Another one has to die, I hope it's Granger... I don't know who opened it, but Dad said that the last one will surprise and delight us. By then, even Dumbledore will not be able to continue to hold down News, don't let it spread...
   His words stopped suddenly, because he saw a person suddenly appear in the common room.Severus Snape stood there at some point, and from the look on his faceLook, he doesn't seem to be in a good mood.
   Crabbe, Goyle! You go out to eat first, I want to talk to Mr. Malfoy.
    Snape said sullenly, 
   You have to pay attention to the time... and remember, don't drag people who have stepped on the water Shoes in the common room, it's wet enough.
   It was only then that Harry and Ron realized that their shoes and the hem of their robes were soaked with water after they came out of Myrtle's bathroom, and more importantly, it was almost time for Polyjuice Potion.Oops, Hermione!This is the unanimous thought of the two.While they were thinking about it, Hermione came out from the girls' lounge.Beside her was Pansy Parkinson, and judging from the way they were talking and laughing, they seemed to get along pretty well.After seeing Snape in the common room, Hermione looked a little surprised:    Oh, Professor Snape...my Potions class notes seem to be in the library...
   Before she could make up her excuses, Snape waved his hand lazily at her:    Crabbe, Goyle, you guys go with Miss Greengrass to get her Potions class notes.
   The two were overjoyed:    Yes, sir!
   Harry remembered that the first time he called out 
   Sir
    to Snape, it was with a joyful emotion.After the three of Harry went out, Snape slowly turned to Malfoy opposite, with a playful look on his face:   At first I thought some people were going in the wrong direction, like a clown jumping around, but I didn't realize until now that the clown was actually me...Draco, I didn't know you had such a big mouth, like Gossip about your father.
   Malfoy seemed a little dazed by Snape's sudden accusation, the expression on his faceLove is so innocent and innocent.
   I don't understand you, sir,
    he said slowly.Snape thought to himself that if I hadn't watched a good show from beginning to end just now, maybe I would have been fooled by you, but now...He really didn't expect that the savior's plan full of mistakes and omissions would still allow them to get the information they wanted in the end. The saying 
   A great man must have an equal opponent
    can be interpreted in this way—the one who can stand up to three idiots must be three more idiots.It's a pity that there are some things he can't say to Malfoy.
   I'm going to have a good talk with Lucius about your tutoring, Draco.
   After coming out of the Slytherin common room, the three saviors rushed to the bathroom and celebrated their 
   discovery
    with high fivesHermione couldn't wait to tell her harvest first:   Parkinson was very vigilant at first and thought I was here to grab a man with her, hum, grab a man... After I promised to make balls for her, she was overjoyed and I got a lot of words out of her.do you know?The Malfoy family has been in contact with the rest of the Hogwarts school trustees since the beginning of the semester, planning to use the 
   big event
    to remove Dumbledore! Several pure-blood families have already written a joint letter and are going to report to the Ministry of Magic in the name of their parents. Petition, ask them to change the principal!
   
   Early term?
    Ron caught on to that key word.At this time, 
   Crabbe
   's brown hair was slowly turning red, his fat face was gradually becoming thinner, and the freckles on his face were also beginning to appear.
   Yes, they knew from the beginning that there was going to be an attack on the school!
   The weak breath of Miss Greengrass gradually dissipated, replaced byIt was Hermione's unique arrogance.
   
   
Chapter 40   
   
   
   We are similar. Malfoy's father told Malfoy to follow the rules from the very beginning, so as not to arouse others' suspicion... Although I am somewhat surprised that he is not the heir of Slytherin, their family is definitely an insider.
    Harry Added a sentence.
   Don't be busy! There are more important things!
    Ron took off his coat and looked upstairs triumphantly, 
   We will go to the owl house first, and I will write to Dad so that he can't hand over the house no matter what. The spell passed down, and... the next time you go to Malfoy's house, you must check under the living room of his house!
   It was very late at this time, and although the three of them were a little tired, they were extremely excited to get so much useful news.When they returned to Myrtle's bathroom and were about to change back into their clothes, they noticed something was wrong. .
   Why is there so much water outside the door?
    Harry wondered.Chapter 82 Always keep snake repellentAfter drinking a lot of eggnog, and playing wildly with the headmaster for a long time, Lockhart spent this Christmas contentedly.Back in his room, he brushed his teeth hastily, and fell into a drowsy sleep without washing.This one decision saved him, because not long after he fell asleep, the picture frame in his office roared.
   Lockhart, watch out! He's coming for you!
   Lockhart, who was lying in his clothes, was instantly awakened by the portrait, and when he realized what happened, he broke out in a cold sweat.He quickly jumped out of bed and went straight to the heavy wooden desk in the office.After hiding beside the table, Lockhart popped out the ejection device hanging on his forearm, and pressed the tip of his staff against his temple to drill.While the pain from the top of his head woke him up, it also turned on a switch in his brain.Then, Lockhart also took out the small bottle of potion that Snape sent from the inside pocket of his coat, and poured it down without hesitation.Had Ron observed all this with the monocular Lockhart had given him, he would have been surprised to see that Lockhart's outline had changed from pink to deep magenta in that instant.It's too late, it's too soon.Just as Lockhart finished all this, a hoarse growl came from outside his office door.
   Deprim!The antique cipher door that Lockhart bought, which is said to be attached to more than a dozen traditional anti-magic crafts of goblins, suddenly exploded, and the broken pieces of wood swept the entire room with air waves.Even at the moment of life and death, Lockhart still couldn't help flashing this thought in his mind - refund the money! 
   If another goblin craft is also unstoppable, then Lockhart really needs to reconsider the partnership with the goblin.An earthy wind gushed in from the blasted hole in the office, and in the darkness, two huge yellow eyeballs like lanterns gradually emerged.Lockhart knew who was coming, so he didn't dare to look at the door
   Reduct,
    he called out across the side of his room, drawing out his wand.With the sound of Lockhart chanting the incantation, the wooden wine cabinet that had been placed by the office wall turned into dust in an instant, and the spirit bottles and glass windows that were originally placed in the wine cabinet also fell to the ground. It was smashed to pieces, and the tangy aroma of Ogden's aged spirits immediately permeated the entire room.This smell of wine is enough to make even those who don't drink too much usually excited about it, but for the assailant, this kind of taste is not very pleasant.Because snakes hate the pungent odors of steroids, esters and aromatic organic solvents.The attacker's rustling forward movement suddenly faltered, and he let out a hoarse cry.The attackers did not appear to want to proceed further.But soon there was another burst of exasperated hissing from its side, which meant that it could be recognized without knowing Parseltongue, and it was urging the attacker to act quickly.Although a snake hates those pungent smells, that doesn't mean it's afraid of themScientists once applied sulfur and alcohol-like substances to suckling mice, and locked them in the same closed space as snakes.As a result, although the snake was reluctant to get close to the suckling mouse at first, it swallowed it in one bite, and there was no abnormality after eating it, which showed that it was not actually afraid of the smell, but just hated it.It's like people hate the smell of shit, but they are not afraid of - shit.The urging from behind forced the giant snake to bite the bullet and sneak into Lockhart's office.It intends to make a quick decision, to stare at that annoying guy to death, so that it can go back to the damp and warm basement.But unfortunately, Lockhart was already prepared.
   Macr-encmpaci!
    he cried.The shattered wine bottles and glass by the wall flew into the air, turning into grains of broken jade, forming a mirror in the air, blocking the attackers.The basilisk suddenly discovered that no matter how its head moved, there was always a strange mirror blocking it, and its eyes could only see its own eyes.It shook its head angrily, trying to get rid of this annoying thing, but it couldn't get rid of it no matter what.
   Small tricks.
    The short man next to the basilisk said to it coldly, 
   Don't worry about that thing, I'll take care of it.
   Of course Lockhart couldn't understand what the man was saying, all he could hear was a creepy hiss, like a snake spitting a letter.It was an unfair duel, and Lockhart had to fight two against one.
   Torn apart!
    the short man shouted at Lockhart's 
   Gaze Veil
    with his wand in hand.The spell hit the glass curtain wall and managed to shatter it into six pieces.But the split mirrors did not disappear, but re-formed into six new mirrors, like the mirrors of a kaleidoscope, continuing to persistently block the basilisk.
   Ok?
   The attacker hesitated for a moment, as if he was unfamiliar with this magic.If Lockhart used 
   bscur
   , then of course he knew what breaking the curse was, and using the cutting spell was better than breaking the curse, but he had never seen the kaleidoscope mirror in front of him.It seems that it can be divided, but it cannot be erased, it cannot disappear, and it cannot be dissociated, so how should it be removed...Before the visitor could think carefully, Lockhart's counterattack arrived.
   Damned!
   — A red light flashed, and the attacker had to find a way to deal with the incoming spell.
   Armor protection!
    The visitor released a small shield in front of him, blocking the stunning spell that Lockhart shot over.Just as the assailant was about to counterattack at the location where the red light shot out and use a thunderbolt explosion to force Lockhart out, the attacker suddenly found that his legs were imprisoned.The assailant who was trying to turn his body lost his balance and fell face down.Leg-locking curse, this is double magic!A thought flashed through the attacker's mind.Seeing that his little scheme had succeeded, Lockhart immediately followed with the most ruthless spell without saying a word.
   Forget nothing (blivimte)!
   Regardless of whether you are the soul of Voldemort or not, give me the intelligence of a half-year-old baby in the future!The assailant who fell on the ground obviously knew what would happen if he was hit by this spell, so before he could stand up, he rolled to the side regardless of face and roared
   Protect me (snake language)!
   Although it can't see anything now, the basilisk found its owner with its hearing and keen sense of touch in the abdomen, and curled up the attacker with its body, protecting it in the center of its body.Now the attacker is safe for the time being, and the spells of ordinary people cannot pass through the scales of the basilisk.However, this also means that the wizards protected in it cannot see the outside at all, and the initiative of this temporary 
   battlefield
    is finally in Lockhart's hands-------------Chapter Dividing Line---------------Except for the Stunning Charm, Leg-locking Charm, and Oblivion Charm, the spells Lockhart has used so far are all new results approved by the Ministry of Magic's Spell Experimental Committee in the last ten years.Although Voldemort is a genius in black magic and quite good in ordinary magic, it is inevitable that he needs some time to understand new things.And this time difference is the key to the duel between the two.Considering that the diary is Voldemort's first Horcrux, and the piece of soul in it was still split when the Myrtle was murdered, so its thinking mode should be still immature and knowledgeable.And it is very likely that after Voldemort just learned how to use the Horcrux from Slughorn, he couldn't wait to make one.Under Dumbledore's control, at this time Voldemort should not be used to doing evil, his actions are far less extreme than later, his thinking is not thorough enough, and he doesn't know as many spells as later, so it is still easier to control after all, let alone Said that his current magic power was obtained from a first-year freshman.No matter how talented Voldemort is, he has created many spells that have never been seen before, and he is bold, he is still just a 15-year-old student at this time. The magic, I am afraid he is also powerless.Now everything is going according to Lockhart's pace, and he has full confidence that he can defeat Voldemort when he was a student.Since the other party has voluntarily given up the initiative on the battlefield, and he has no way to penetrate the basilisk's anti-demon skin in a short time, the best way is to slowly process these two guys.
   Incendi!
    Lockhart began to cast a regular spell.The liquor still flowing on the ground became the best fuel at this time, and was ignited by Lockhart's Fiery Curse.The raging fire immediately filled most of the office, and enveloped the big snake and the assailant wrapped in it.Snakes are cold-blooded animals, so they are very sensitive to changes in temperature. When the flames ignited, it began to twist its body uneasily, as if it was not sure whether it should try to put out the fire or run away.Voldemort certainly didn't have the leisure to put out any fires. At first, he just wanted to kill the person who investigated the clues in the secret room, and then escape here as soon as possible before Dumbledore came over.However, the development of the situation seems to be contrary to expectations: the opponent's magic power is not weak, and he is very careful, as if he was prepared for the fact that he will be attacked.In terms of the body of the first-year student that I have stolen so far, if I want to defeat the opponent quickly, the magic reserve is far from enough.   We withdraw (Snake language).
    He made that hoarse voice again.The basilisk had long wanted to escape from this uncomfortable environment, so it was overjoyed to hear the master's order, and it couldn't wait to stretch its body
   Idiot, don't turn your back on your enemy, come here!
    the attacker shouted angrily, 
   Shadow Shadow!
   The shadow on the ground heard the sound, trying to roll up the person and snake and escape in black smoke, but Ginny's magic wand made of unicorn hair was a bit disobedient, and it seemed that she was not very willing to cast this kind of magic, so In the end it failed.Of course Lockhart couldn't let him run away so easily:    Imprison all!
   The assailant had no choice but to cast a transfiguration technique, turning the splintered wood and flames into a ring of fire, which enveloped his body and blocked Lockhart's confinement spell.Then the attackers suddenly discovered that the 
   fake tube
    mirror that Lockhart used just now began to gather under the ring of fire, and condensed into a whole piece again.As an expert in magic, the attacker finally figured out how the spell works
   It turned out to be like this... It was not a whole piece, but a bunch of particles condensed into a film, and it was enough to use 
   cleaning and renewing
   . 
   But it was too late to figure it out at this moment, the sound of running was heard from far away from the stairs, and he had to retreat.This time he learned his lesson and changed to a relatively 
   safer
    magic one by one 
   Smoke into Wings!
   Flaming pyrotechnics enveloped the attackers before carrying them away from the scene.Lockhart was afraid that the other party would return the carbine, so he still hid behind the heavy desk and did not come out for a long time.It wasn't until several professors heard the news and started calling his name that Lockhart carefully reached out with a stick from the other side of the table and agreed at the same time.Seeing that he was still alive, the professors were finally relieved a little, and then began to chant spells, preparing to put out the fire.
   That's wine fire, not water.
   Lockhart finally emerged from behind the desk, reminding his colleagues.But Professor Flitwick just waved his hand, and the flame was instantly extinguished as if stepped on by a giant's foot.
   Lums_Maxima!
    Flitwick pointed again at the ceiling of Lockhart's office.The office suddenly became extremely bright, and revealed the traces of the battle that happened here just now to these professors.Probably because the desk belongs to the inherent property of the school, so it is protected by the school's magic, and it was still intact in the round of magic battle just now, and it was separated from the rest of the furniture.The scorched one formed a stark contrast.Except for the desk, only the magic map carpet is still intact, and the rest, such as the office door, wine cellar, chandelier, snack cabinet, etc., were either shattered by the spell or burnt to pieces , and it seems that it is difficult to repair with a repair spell.
   Oh, my God.
    Professor McGonagall sighed while looking around, 
   This attacker is just... crazy.
   She obviously thought that these battle marks were done by the attackers.But Lockhart knew that, except for the office door being blown up by Voldemort, and the floor mat at the door being destroyed by the basilisk venom, other things were destroyed by himself, and no one else could be blamed. .If this was the Muggle world, Lockhart could use the attack as an excuse to cheat insurance, but unfortunately there is no insurance company in the magic world, so these losses can only be borne by him.
   Thank you for coming to help in time. The attacker seems to have run away.
    He expressed his gratitude to his colleagues with a 
   face of exhaustion
   .Professor Sinista looked at the horrific battle marks, and couldn't help but be speechless:    Oh my god, it's fortunate that it's you, if it's someone else, I'm afraid I've died ten times by now.Kettleburn, who teaches magical creatures, was lying on the ground. He took out a pair of dragon leather gloves from nowhere, and was carefully touching the venom flowing on the ground. He also tried to suck it with a sponge or something. It's trying to collect the venom into a bottle.But it is a pity that no matter what comes into contact with the venom, it will be corroded by the venom like butter in a red-hot pan. It doesn't look like it will last long...Professor Kettleburn stood up regretfully:    It seems that I can't collect it. But I'm sure it should be the saliva of a reptile... Lockhart, lookWhat is there? 
   
   No.
    Lockhart immediately lied as agreed with the principal, 
   It was dark at the time, I didn't dare to turn on the lights, and I was worried that the attacker would cast a petrification spell on me, so I kept hiding behind the desk...but I can judge from the voice I heard, it is definitely a big guy, and there is another person beside the big guy.
   Professor Flitwick observed the traces on the ground, thoughtfully:    I understand, no matter where the secret room is, there is a big guy in it, and it is still under the control of people. Only the person who opened the Slytherin secret room can You are qualified to command that monster... Fortunately, it is you, if it is someone else, it may be dead.
   
   
   
Chapter 41   
   
   
   Sneak attack on Christmas Eve!
    Professor McGonagall fumed. 
   Don't let me find that vile, vile bastard! He better hope he doesn't hit me, or I will turn his and that monster's head Come together.
   The professors' conjectures are very close to the truth, but the closest to the truth is the trio of saviors who are not under surveillance.Chapter 84 The Discovery of the SaviorThe 
   savior effect
    is a very interesting thing.Whether in literature or in reality) the savior is often not the mostHe is not the most intelligent J character, but at the most appropriate time, and then he becomes the savior.Similarly, just under Dumbledore, the savior found many clues, far away.It's quite possible that an insignificant little thing did the right thing in the right placeSnape and Lockhart's intentional or unintentional guidance is unfortunately far from what Dumbledore expectedBut on Christmas Eve, during the short time when no one was paying attention to the trio, Harry and the three of them discovered all the secrets of the Chamber of Secrets, which cannot but be said to be a speechless coincidence.After attacking Lockhart, Ginny Weasley didn't go back to the bathroom, but went straight to the Gryffindor Tower.And the basilisk sneaked back into the secret room under the bathroom from other locations along the pipe.The castle of Hogwarts was, after all, a castle built in the 10th century AD, so at first its toilet was a narrow secret passage leading directly to the cliffs outside.This structure is simple and easy to maintain, as long as it is dredged when the excrement sticks to the hole.But the problem is that this kind of structure has a great potential safety hazard. At that time, there were several murders in the castle toilets on the side of the British princes and nobles. In the end, it was found out that an assassin put poison on a long piece of cork. The tip of a spear protruded from the hole under the toilet, and when the nobles went to the toilet, they stabbed their chrysanthemums with the poisonous spear—The Malfoys, who have been intermarried with the upper class of Muggles and who are also Hogwarts school managers, proposed that the toilets in Hogwarts should also be remodeled and replaced with a built-in plumbing system, otherwise it would be very dangerous. There may be enemies who take advantage of this hidden danger to sneak in.No kidding, there was an episode of the British comedy 
   Mr. Bean
    in which Agent Bean secretly sneaked in from the secret passage of the castle. It turned out that the secret passage was actually a excrement passage, and Mr. Bean ended up covered in shit.Although the play is a comedy, the details should not be underestimated.The early British castles did have some pipes for the passage of feces and urine, but in order to prevent blockage, the secret passages were opened a bit wide, so wide that assassins could also pass through them.After hearing Malfoy's words, the headmaster of Hogwarts felt that this was the same reason, so he opened up several rooms inside the castle as toilets, and then stored the excrement directly in the large room under the toilets, and regularly used the Vanishing Curse to deal with them. .But this also has a problem - that is the bearing capacity of the floor.In 084, in the Petersburg Castle, the Holy Roman Emperor Henry VI was gathering with a group of nobles from all over the world. As a result, the floor could not bear so many heavily armed fat men walking and jumping on it, and it suddenly cracked. As a result, more than 60 people drowned in the septic tank below the room.At that time, there was no 
   Secrecy Act
    in the wizarding world, and news between Muggles and wizards was still exchanged. Britain was ruled by the Plantagenet Dynasty, and its territory included the mainland, Normandy and Aquitaine.So after this matter spread to Henry II, the upper echelon of England began to renovate their castle while gloating about it.The same is true for Hogwarts Castle. After collective deliberation, the successive headmasters and deans finally decided to move the location of the septic tank and the toilet a little farther away.The consequence of this distance is that there are a lot more pipes in Hogwarts Castle.In the following hundreds of years, Hogwarts has been undergoing small-scale renovations, until the Muggle designers were invited to carry out major renovations, and the pipes inside Hogwarts have become densely packed.And what's even more frightening is that because of the Untraceable Stretching Curse, you still have to use these pipesIts width cannot be judged from its external volume. By the end of the 20th century, even the principal may not know how many pipes there are inside the school.The basilisk walked through these pipes effortlessly - as an intelligent life, it had already figured out the location of these pipes as early as more than 1000 years in the process of preying on mice. Te's family got the design drawings, and he is not as familiar with these pipes as this snake.So Voldemort made a mistake—he didn't watch the basilisk return to the secret room with his own eyes, but let it slip back directly from the HVAC next to Lockhart's office, and he avoided the portrait and walked along the path for people to walk. Tunnel returned to the Gryffindor common room.He's going to lie low for a whileAlthough the 
   monster in the chamber of secrets is a snake
    will definitely become known after the attack fails, but Voldemort is confident that no one can find the chamber of secrets except him.So you might as well lie dormant for a while, wait for the basilisk to shed its skin and take away all of Ginny's vitality, and then come out to make trouble.After returning to the lounge, he let go of the manipulation of Ginny's consciousness, allowing her to lie on the chair by the fireplace, making her think that she was just asleep, and then sent her consciousness back to his diary.However, just after Ginny looked blankly at the smoky marks on her body and went upstairs to wash up, there was another commotion in a corner of the common room.Harry Potter lifted off the invisibility cloak covering his body, stood up, and at the same time exposed Ron and Hermione behind him.
   It's unbelievable...it's Ginny.
    Harry's tone was full of surprise, 
   but now she looks dazed again.
   
   It can't be her!
    Ron knelt on the ground weakly, his eyes full of pleading, 
   I can't be more clear, she has always been a good child... You see, she doesn't even remember what happened just now.
   Hermione pulled him up:    Neither of us said that was what she meant, Ron, but we have to figure out what's going on. 
   Just now, after receiving the information from Malfoy, the three of them returned to the bathroom with full of joy, ready to go back to the compartment to retrieve their original clothes.However, a large pool of dragged water marks on the ground told them that this matter was not simple.They bent down and observed carefully, only to find that the starting point of the trail of dragging turned out to be a broken faucet in the bathroom, and there was actually a snake on the faucet.Hermione was the first to react - the pipes, the Slytherins, the enigmatic voices, Harry's Parseltongue, the water on the floor when Mrs. Norris was attacked...After reacting, they immediately realized that since the monster had just been dispatched, someone was about to be attacked again.At Hermione's suggestion, the three of them put on Harry's invisibility cloak, and moved towards the Gryffindor lounge bit by bit, only to hear the sound of an explosion halfway.The lion cubs were very courageous, knowing that someone was being attacked, but they still ran towards the scene of the accident, only to meet Ginny Weasley.Watching a giant snake go into the pipe under Ginny's command, the three of them would be lying if they said they were not surprised—and none of the other two could understand what Ginny was saying except Harry.Then, in order to find out, they followed Ginny quietly all the way back to the Gryffindor lounge, so the above scene happened.And Voldemort was probably because the diary consumed too much magic power, and the invisibility cloak, one of the Deathly Hallows, was quite powerful, so they didn't notice the three of them following behind.Although the truth was discovered, the saviors did not feel relaxed because of this, but fell into a dilemma-what should they do next?Chapter 85 Meets Master NewtThe most tangled question for the three of them now is whether to report this matter to the principal?If they report directly to the school, needless to say, no matter how the school handles the snake in the end, Ginny will definitely be expelled from school (they don't know about the diary yet), then their actions will be the same as reporting.As Ron's friend, and out of the gratitude of Mr. and Mrs. Weasley, Harry didn't intend to do this. 
   Protecting his friend's sister
    and 
   repaying the Weasley family
    were both priorities in his heart. Far above the school rules.This is the difference between the Lions and the Snakes. They tend to believe that justice lies in their own simple ideas, and the pursuit of outcome justice is much higher than procedural justice.As for the rules, especially the bad habits of Mangdong, the lions have never liked to abide by them.Hermione was also a little hesitant-although she showed far more Ravenclaw traits than Gryffindor in her first year, but since the troll incident, she has been turned on-a switch, and she has become less conformist .Faced with the Ginny incident at this time, although her first reaction was to report to the school, another thought immediately killed her in her mind.
   We have to find a way to prove...
    She seemed a little hesitant, and her voice lowered a lot, 
   We must find the culprit, so as to prove that Ginny did not attack others of her own will, and it is best to kill the snake. 
   
   Get rid of that snake?
    Both of them were taken aback.Hermione said succinctly:    Make up for the mistakes, as long as we find out who confused Ginny, and we get rid of the culprit, the school will not hold us accountable, and maybe there will be awards... just like last year.
   Harry was a little nervous:    It's just us? Can it be done?
   
   Why can't we do it?
    Hermione asked back:    We already know that our enemy is a snake, and it is a snake that can live in the secret room for 1000 years. We will know how to deal with it after looking up the information. To be honest , compared to this, I think it is more difficult to ask Ginny what she should not have been in contact with recently.
    Harry and Ron exchanged glances.
   It seems that this is the only way to go.
   Even though he knew the goblins were blackmailing him, Lockhart came to Gringotts immediately after being attacked, bought...rented what he ordered at a high price.After haggling over the price, Lockhart finally paid 3000 Galleons for this. Even with his net worth, it is hard to say that he is not heartbroken, because it is more than the remuneration for his first book.In Ragnol's scheming smile, Lockhart kindly pointed out the location of the funeral home for him, and earnestly suggested that the other party should book a pit early, so as not to find a suitable wooden coffin for cremation. farewell.The trip to Gringotts did not delay Lockhart for too long. He then went to Whits Harder Book Company to hand in the first three chapters, which had been reviewed and revised by his mother.Mr. Harder also informed Lockhart of the latest developments in their propaganda: and invited him to stay for lunch, but was declined by Lockhart because he had a more important person to visit.That person is Mr. Newt Scamander, a    former
    employee of the Beasts Office of the Department of Magical Creatures, Ministry of Magic, Order of Merlin, Second Class, and legend during the First Wizarding War.Although everyone is used to calling him Newt, he actually has the same name as the scientist who developed the theory of universal gravitation, called Newton (Newtn), and he is called Newt (Newt) after omitting the last two lettersThe legendary figure is now 95 years old and has already retired at home. Although his brother Theseus did not die on the battlefield against Grindelwald, he died at the hands of the Death Eaters headed by Voldemort. People feel sad.But if Master Rowling did not lie or remember wrongly, then Master Newt lived at least until 2017, which is 120 years old.It's no secret in the wizarding world that Newt and Dumbledore have a close friendship, and it's probably why he never got promoted to Director in his lifetime.But he doesn't really care about it, because he has some social fears and just wants to be with the animals.He published Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them, contributed to the Werewolf Register and the Magical Creatures Prohibition Experimentation Act, and was awarded the Order of Merlin, Second Class for his services to the protection of magical creatures.Although he is now retired, his personal relationship with Dumbledore has not broken, nor has his love for magical creatures. When the hippogriff Buckbeak is about to be executed in the movie, Harry Potter also saw Newt in the principal's office from the Marauder's Map, and believed that he should have come to discuss this with Dumbledore.So it's not for nothing that Dumbledore introduced Newt to Lockhart when he talked about wanting someone to consult about the basilisk.He apparated to a certain village in the countryside of Dorset, England, and after tidying up his clothes, he walked towards Mr. Scamander's house.As a belated Christmas present, Lockhart also brought a few packs of cat food from the Muggle world with him, and I don't know if cats like it or not.In the warm afternoon sun and breeze, Master Newt received him kindly.The old man looked healthy, and his wife also looked good. The two were sitting outside in the sun together before Lockhart's visit, and teasing the cat in his arms.
   Hello, Mr. Lockhart, the Headmaster has already told me... oh, cat food... Frankly, I don't like it very much. Muggles put too much food attractant in it to make cats eat, It is easy for animals to lose control of their food intake and eat too much, and some of them are harmful to animals, so I would rather mix cat meals myself.
   Even though Lockhart was a guest, Mr. Newt had no scruples at all when he spoke, and he still said whatever came to mind. If he hadn't known that he was a sincere person, Lockhart might not have felt very happy.
   I see.
    Lockhart didn't seem angry at all, 
   Actually, this is also the first time I've bought this kind of thing. When I raise owls, I always feed him whatever I eat. Occasionally, he will go out to catch mice himself. ...
   Hearing that Lockhart used 
   he
    instead of 
   it
    to refer to his owl, Newt Scamander nodded slightly, as if to approve Lockhart's qualifications to talk to him.It's just that once he opened his chatterbox, he couldn't close it:   Also, I've read your book too... I have to say, your methods of dealing with werewolves and vampires are too rough, and the way you deal with Wan Lun's female ghost is not very appropriate...
   0 seedlings, I don't remember these things at all.Lockhart thought.Fortunately, the appearance of the old lady relieved Lockhart's embarrassment:    Newt, don't say this in the chat!
   
   Oh...Okay! I just read those books, and I have some thoughts in my mind that I have to say.
    Mr. Newt shrugged.Then, he finally got to the point:    Are you here to ask about the basilisk? I've already heard from Dumbledore that you found one at Hogwarts? Did you attack it?
   Lockhart spread his hands, showing a helpless expression:    We don't want to attack it, but so far, it has been attacking the teachers and students of our school.It's a brutal guy.Newt shook his head, as if to disagree with Lockhart.
   I'm afraid it's not magical creatures that are cruel to people, but me, who is also a human being.Men.PS 
   Xiaozhi, refuse to travel! 
   It’s impossible to travel, it’s a pain to travel, and you have to go to so many cities, isn’t it to increase their GDP, so it’s good to lie at home!
   It was indeed like this at first, but who knew that these guys don't know how to fight!!!
   Tactical leader, cultivator of the father of the dragon clan, the strongest underworld man, the strongest champion in history, the master of Pokémon, the strongest harem king... Xiaozhi!
   I said that I first posted the video just to raise the price of King Carp, do you believe it?
    Xiaozhi said helplessly, covering his face.(Mainly online battles, less real battles, weak introduction, please read the text)Chapter 86 Old UrchinSeeing Lockhart's questioning gaze, Newt took the initiative to explain:   It has been entrenched in the pipeline of Hogwarts for more than 1000 years. If it wants to attack people, it has already attacked many people, but it has hurt people twice recently and 50 years ago. Yes ?
   
   That's true.
    Lockhart thought for a moment, then admitted honestly.
   That's really a pity.
    Newt Scamander sighed:    Maybe it didn't mean to hurt anyone, but it was just used by others. Slytherin must have warned it not to let it see people, and was banned.
    1000 years in the pipeline, it's so lonely, I met a Parseltongue who can talk to it again, if it was me, I would go over right away...
   Lockhart suddenly felt strange:    You don't mean to... pardon it?
   Newt shook his head again and again:    No, no, that's not what I mean. Anyway, it has learned how to attack people now, just like a beast that has tasted human flesh, no matter how it was lured at the beginning, but now It has already begun to regard humans as prey, so it must not stay.
   
   You gave me a big jump.
    Lockhart was relieved.Newt showed a look as if he was missing something:    I'm just a little regretful. If I had been more curious and found the secret room when I was in school, maybe I wouldn't let that bastard take that snake Off.
   Lockhart didn't realize it for a while, and realized that 
   that bastard
    refers to Voldemort after his brain froze for a while.Just like between Grindelwald and Dumbledore, Newt chose 
   not to choose a side
   , when Dumbledore fought Voldemort, he also chose not to help.Although the two don't help each other, it doesn't mean that Newt likes Voldemort, Voldemort tortured animals, drove dark creatures to fight in the First War, and fought for resurrection.The act of killing the unicorn for blood angered Newt, and he would never have been polite to Voldemort if he could.
   About the basilisk, Newt said to Lockhart: Actually, I suggest you use the simplest method to solve the problem.    
   A simple method can subdue it, and then think about it.
   There's no way to find a female snake, lay eggs for her, and make her...harmless. 
   Lockhart decided to ignore what Master Newt said later. He wished that the basilisk would become extinct immediately, so how could he actively contribute to its reproduction.But he was very interested in the 
   simple way
   .
   I would like to hear more about it.
    He showed an eager expression.
   Crow like a cock,
    Newt told him.Lockhart: ?   
   
Chapter 42   
   
   Seeing Lockhart's awkward expression, Master Newt took the initiative to explain to him
   The basilisk is afraid of the rooster's crowing because it's deadly to him - but it's also not easy to learn because you're trying to simulate not just a rooster's sound, but an emotion in it It is very important to have the arrogance that yearns for the light to come and at the same time declares that this place is your own territory... I will teach you.
   
   I...
    Lockhart didn't know how to say no.During the period when Mrs. Scamander brought her afternoon tea, two men, the old and the young, were outside the sunny house, crowing like lunatics.During this period, many people in the village passed by. After seeing the behavior of the old and the young, they all bent down with a smile.Lockhart felt that his face was burning, but in order to take care of the old urchin's mood, he could only force himself to study hard.After shouting about a dozen times, Newt finally said that it was almost done, remembering this feeling should be able to immobilize the basilisk.And Lockhart also secretly made up his mind, even if he was bitten to death by the basilisk, he didn't want to learn how to crow like a rooster in front of anyone again.Even so, after seeing Newt's excited look, he still didn't know how to refuse.He knew very well that if he dared to talk about politics or magic with Newt, the other party would definitely kick him out. Only when they talked about magical creatures did they have some common language.It's just that he really didn't expect that the old man is so old that he can still stay true to his original aspirations, just like him in his 20s.Lady Scamander frees Lockhart.She brought some tea and told them to have a good rest, saying that if they continued, the hens in the chicken coop would be too noisy to lay eggs, so Newt stopped with a sense of satisfaction.You have a good understanding and a quick learner.Your hunting ground guard told me that a family of horned camels has recently moved into the Forbidden Forest, another day I will teach you the horned camels courtship dance...
   Thank you and will never come again.Lockhart thought.Dumbledore introduced Newt to him because Newt has many disciples and grandchildren in the Department of Magical Creatures of the Ministry of Magic, and if there is no accident, Newt will be responsible for editing the teaching materials of magical creatures for the next ten years. All Hogwarts students who take Care of Magical Creatures are his apprentices.In addition, this big man once fought on the front line against Grindelwald. If such a person is willing to become a banner against Voldemort, the effect may be no less than that of Harry Potter joining the Order of the Phoenix.Unfortunately, it took Lockhart half an hour to confirm that Newt would never join the Order of the PhoenixRather than saying that he is a Hufflepuff, it is better to say that he is more like the cynics of Ravenclaw who just want to study for life in the field they like and don't like participatingand politics.This is certainly the reason why Dumbledore likes this student, but it is a bit reluctant to expect him to take the initiative to participate in any political events. If Voldemort's group did not harm his close relatives or friends, I am afraid that Newt will not react at all.It's better to maintain a certain good impression as it is now.Probably because Lockhart didn't say anything 
   off-topic
   , so the old man also seemed very talkative 5 After entertaining Lockhart and drinking afternoon tea, he still wanted to keep him for dinner 5 But Lockhart called Dumbledore to wait The excuse of answering declined.Before leaving, Lockhart also saw the legendary Niffler.At this time, it seemed to be dying. Judging from the fact that its eyes were abnormally cloudy and the color of its claws had changed from a healthy brown color to dark black, its lifespan might be running out.Don't look at it as inconspicuous, but it was the one who stole his and Dumbledore's marriage certificate from Grindelwald at the beginning... that is, the blood alliance, otherwise Dumbledore would not have been able to turn against Grindelwald.Seeing Lockhart staring at the snuffer, Newt felt a little sad. After all, there are fewer and fewer people and things that can commemorate the great war, and there are very few who can accompany him.
   This is the law of nature. The longer you persist, the more the pain of losing your loved one will accumulate, until one day you can't bear this pain anymore. If Tina is still here...
   But the old lady gave him a push:    Don't spoil the fun, other people are here as guests.
   
   Yeah, I'm here as a guest, haha.
    Newt laughed loudly, 
   By the way, little guy, I might go back to Hogwarts after a while... Ask the headmaster to prepare desserts, but Tina always refuses I eat too much sweet.
   The last word Newt said in a very small voice.Chapter 87 Reaction from the Ministry of MagicWith Newt's message, Lockhart returned to Hogwarts and reported to the headmaster.Dumbledore expressed regret for the conclusion that 
   Master Scamander is likely not to participate in political activities against Voldemort
   , but he claimed that he was willing to trust Lockhart's judgment.
   He's a good boy, and it's right not to let him get involved in this... Oh, I'm not saying you guys are bad, it's just that your personalities are really different.
    Dumbledore added.As for the way to deal with the basilisk, Dumbledore didn't ask at all. It seemed that there was indeed a more suitable way in his mind, but he didn't say it.Since he didn't talk about it, Lockhart didn't mention it either, and he didn't really like talking about how he learned to crow.When the Christmas vacation was over and the little wizards returned to Hogwarts, they immediately got two big news.Said it was two, but in fact it was only one.The first thing is that the Quidditch game is temporarily canceled, and it will be resumed conditionally after everything is investigated.The second thing is that their Defense Against the Dark Arts professor, winner of the Order of Merlin Third Class, and master against black magic, Gilderoy Lockhart, was actually attacked by a monster in the chamber of secrets during Christmas!The students all rejoiced—fortunately, it was Lockhart who was attacked, so the monster was temporarily repelled, but if it chose other professors in the first place, it would be hard to say.The first time was a cat, the second time was a first grader, the third time was aA ghost, but this time the target of the attacker was actually a professor, and it was also a professor whose combat effectiveness was far above the average level.This is not good news for the students who have just experienced a Christmas vacation. Everyone can muster up the courage to come back to class because they believe that Dumbledore can solve the problem during this period.But now it seems that not only has the problem not been resolved, but it seems to be getting worse.If even the Defense Against the Dark Arts teacher at the school dared to attack, who else would the room monster dare not attack?Although Dumbledore still has a strong reputation in the wizarding world, murmurs have begun to appear in the newspapers, euphemistically suggesting that Dumbledore is 
   too old
   —A 
   highly respected
    old social commentator claimed in 
   Wizard Politics
    that people who know how to fight against black magic may not know how to manage schools, and those 
   lambs
    who regard Dumbledore as the sun tend to regard Dumbledore as the sun. Imagine being omnipotent, but that's not true.On the 
   Daily Prophet
   , which has always been regarded as the mouthpiece of the Ministry of Magic, an article by Rita Skeeter directly opened the prelude to the attack on Dumbledore.Unlike other editorials that still 
   leave room for it
   , she not only bluntly said that 
   Dumbledore is not as capable as you think
   , but also mentioned sinisterly that Grindelwald was defeated by Dumbledore.
   As we all know, Grindelwald was heartbroken by the betrayal of his lover Dumbledore, and had almost no will to resist in a duel...
   In a word, 
   Dumbledore's name is not worthy of his name
   .In addition, Rita also mocked Gilderoy Lockhart in the report.It would be too ironic for a man who announced on Christmas that he had found clues to the Chamber of Secrets to be attacked by a monster in the Chamber of Secrets that night.While none of us took Lockhart's words seriously, it now appears that The Chamber of Secrets does...in fact it needn't be so worried, because the travel writer's pen and mouth are all he's doing. 
   Lockhart would absolutely not believe that Rita Skeeter's article had not been instructed by someone within the Ministry of Magic.Openly questioning the significance of Dumbledore's defeat of Grindelwald is no small matter, on which the British wizarding community's voice in international wizarding affairs depends to a large extent.Whether it is competing for the right to host the International Quidditch Tournament or the Triwizard Tournament, whether it is competing for foreign students in magic schools or formulating standards for wizards' transportation, Great Britain needs to strive for more voice.So politics is universally connected. If Dumbledore hadn't defeated Grindelwald, the British Ministry of Magic would have no way to prevent Middle Eastern magicians from selling flying carpets into Europe.—Once more comfortable flying carpets enter the European market, the broomstick manufacturing industry, a traditionally advantageous industry for British wizards, will fall into crisis.The business of Comet Company, Sweeping Company, and Black Forest Company is likely to plummet, and a lot of broom craftsmen will also lose their jobs. This is a huge blow to the Ministry of Magic.Logically speaking, no matter what kind of political strife occurs, no one should question Dumbledore's achievements. To question him is to question the British Ministry of Magic, which in turn will damage the interests of all British wizards.Dumbledore is a flag of the British: not to be discredited.That's why Lockhart guessed that this article was written under the order of the Ministry of Magic. Otherwise, no matter how free the wizarding world's speech is, Rita's article might have been wiped out during the review process.Now the Ministry of Magic can completely stay out of the matter, and in the future, it only needs to let Rita send another apology statement the size of a tofu block. This kind of small trick was also used when Lockhart was a civil servant before. See it again.Fudge has been trying to eliminate Dumbledore's influence in the Ministry of Magic, which is almost known to everyone. Even if he doesn't want to get rid of Dumbledore's control, the snake politicians below will force him to do so.So, as expected, after the Daily Prophet published the editorial, several other papers dismissed it lightly.   That woman Skeeter is talking strange things again, but she is like this, we have long been used to it, but as far as this matter itself is concerned, Dumbledore's handling is indeed ill-considered.
   After all, these media are professionally engaged in this industry, and they are more sensitive to the attitude of the Ministry of Magic than Lockhart. Seeing that this kind of news has been published in the Daily Prophet, how could they not know that there has been a change in the political situation, so they went to He began to exaggerate and magnify this matter at length.Lockhart is totally being blamed. Maybe some people dare not speak harshly to Dumbledore, but for him, a 
   travel writer
   , the senior editorial staff will not say anything.It is the lightest thing to ridicule him that 
   there is nothing more than gold and jade, but there is nothing in it
   . As for the attacks on his professionalism and personal morality, there are more attacks.In the words of the final conclusion in the Daily Prophet, 
   we cannot have any expectations of an idol who only lives on books when dealing with practical affairs
   , and it is almost about to say 
   he is not suitable for politics
    TFudge, I have written down this grudge!Lockhart thought.Of all these outlets, the only ones who stood up for Lockhart were Witch Weekly and The Quibbler.
   Witch Weekly
    is understandable, because they have been publishing Lockhart's photos and exclusive interviews for a long time, and they have maintained close business contacts with Lockhart, and even signed regular exclusive reports, so naturally they refused Let these peers destroy their own cash cows.They fiercely scolded the mainstream media and tried their best to defend Lockhart'sImage, and organized a group of witch fans, protested around the Daily Prophet newspaper, and threw rotten tomatoes and stinky pumpkins at their windows.As for The Quibbler, Lockhart felt they were completely counterproductiveEditor-in-Chief Lovegood swears that Cornelius Fudge is using the Department of Mysteries to develop a terrible poison and secretly drug people who disagree with him, so he wants to destroy Dumbledore and Lockhart, because as long as With these anti-black magic people gone, he can do whatever he wants.Even a ghost would not believe such a strange theory, and his objection had almost no effect except to make the matter more ridiculous.Although 
   Witches Weekly
    and 
   Quiet
    are speaking for themselves, Lockhart can only thank his fan base, the fighting power of those witches is terrible.Especially in 
   Those Witches
   , there is also a person with fire in his eyes who is determined not to give up until the end--Hermione Granger.The first day of school is Wednesday, and two days later is Friday. The little wizards don't need to take a long class to usher in another weekend.On Friday afternoon, Harry and the others were called out by Hermione right after class, saying that they had important discoveries to tell them.She slapped a thick book in front of Harry and Ron, and skillfully turned to the page of the basilisk.Time waits for no one, and we have to get this sorted out before final exams. 
   she says.After hearing 
   Final Exam
   , Ron suddenly felt that if Ginny hadn't been involved in this matter, maybe it would be fine to go on like this.Chapter 88 StrategizingWhen Hermione held the Iron Triangle meeting again with the information she found, Ron, who had never been interested in 
   detectives
   , suddenly became the most enthusiastic of the three.It's not his fault, after all, it's none of your business, just hang on to it.But now that he knew that the matter had something to do with his sister, it would be strange if he could still deal with it calmly.In addition, because of the cancellation of the Quidditch game, Harry also suddenly had a lot of free time, so the three of them were going to make something big—how could Gryffindor not make trouble?
   Come and see...
    Hermione called the two to the bushes, and after repeatedly confirming that there was no one else nearby, she pointed to the book she had found and explained.
   The basilisk...discovered and bred by the greek wizard 'Helpo the Vile', just need to put the rooster's eggs under the toad to hatch, only the Parseltongue can control it, afraid of the crowing of the rooster... ok , we now know why Hagrid's roosters were all killed... The food is mice, lizards and spiders, etc., especially poisonous spiders, which are his favorites. 
   Ron's eyes lit up when he heard this:    I think it's a good choice to keep one at home to prevent spiders if it doesn't hurt people... Oh, I'm joking, I know it's illegal.
   Hermione glared at the interrupting Ron in dissatisfaction:    If you want to live with your eyes closed every day, or if you want to suffer violent death, you can continue to interrupt me.
   Ron held up his hands in a gesture of surrender.Seeing him obediently shut up, Hermione continued:    Looking in the eyes of a basilisk can kill a person, and its sense of smell is extremely sensitive, it can smell wizard and Muggle bloodThe difference in the smell of the liquid - I think this is probably the principle it is used for - to fight 'Hogwarts, because we Muggle-borns, the smell of wizards in the blood is not strong enough
   But... so far no one has died?
    Harry questioned.
   Yes, but that's because no one or animal has ever looked directly at it.
   Hermione has obviously thought it through:    Mrs. Norris saw it from a puddle, Colin was still wearing the protective glasses of the Dueling Club, and still had a camera in his hand. Although Nick saw it, he was already Ghost, it is impossible to die again... Speaking of which, everyone is lucky this time. 
   
   Good luck...?
   Harry instinctively felt that something was wrong, but didn't think about it for a while, because Hermione had already started to propose a solution.
   Now that we have established that Ginny entered the Chamber of Secrets from Myrtle's bathroom, and that the snake itself can move through all the pipes at Hogwarts, we must ensure that before the Basilisk enters the Chamber of Secrets and Ginny Do it when you are separated from the basilisk, and keep Ginny and the basilisk under control at the same time.
   The two useless men looked at each other:    How should we do it?
    Hermione tremblingly took out something from her schoolbag.This kind of thing is very familiar to Harry, but it is inexplicable for Ron to see it.
   What the hell is this?
    he asked.
   A stethoscope,
    Harry replied for Hermione, 
   Muggle doctors use it.
   This thing can also treat patients...I mean, what's the use of it.
    Ron looked even more confused. 
   Are we going to use it to check the body of the basilisk?
   
   Yeah, you can put the stethoscope on its chest and let it take a deep breath,
    Hermione teased.Ron couldn't get the joke, but he could nonetheless get the sarcasm in Hermione's words.heard.
   Don't play charades, I admit I'm an idiot, but for Ginny's sake, please tell me quickly.
   Only then did Hermione realize that her attitude just now was a bit wrong.So she stopped talking nonsense:    Using this stethoscope against the wall, we can monitor the activities of the basilisk - it is so big, it must come out at night to find mice, birds, spiders and so on. We confirmed that it ate Go back and enter the secret room when there is no movement.
   
   What about Ginny?
    Ron was most concerned about this.
   I'll observe Ginny quietly for a while, and find out the culprit who controls her. Then, Ron, you ask her out, saying that you want to help her with her homework, and I will take the opportunity...
   
   But this requires at least two people.
    Harry seemed to understand something, 
   That is to say, I need to enter the Chamber of Secrets alone.
   Hermione looked surprised:    No! Why do you think that, Harry? We'll go to the Chamber of Secrets together after we've captured the murderer.
   
   No, in that case, both the murderer and Ginny will yell, and the professor will arrive soon. If we don't have evidence, the professor won't believe us.Harry continued to speak while thinking, and as he continued to speak, the ideas in his mind became more and more formed.
   
   
Chapter 43   
   
   Although Hermione is responsible for collecting information and sorting out clues in the trio, Harry is always the one who makes the decision when encountering major events.
   ...As you said just now, both sides must be carried out at the same time, so that if the man behind the scene escapes, we can also intercept him in the secret room. Only I can go to the secret room, because I am the only Parseltongue... although I don't know why. 
   Ron stood up:    Hey, buddy, can't do this! We can't let you go—Going on an adventure alone, but huddled in the common room by myself, that's my sister! 
   
   It's no different from my sister,
    said Harry firmly. 
   Mrs. Weasley has been very nice to me. She even knitted me a sweater for Christmas, didn't she?
   
   But that's not the problem!
    Ron retorted, 
   We can obviously face it as a few of us...
   
   It doesn't matter how many people there are. I'm a Parseltongue, so it won't attack me, but it wouldn't be so if you were there.
    Harry gave a reason that neither of them could refute.Ron still stubbornly objected:    I'll be fine, I'm a pure blood, and it won't attack me... But you're right, Hermione should stay in the tower and watch Ginny, and in case... I'm Just in case, leave someone upstairs and tell those professors where to pick up our bodies.
   
   Don't be stupid, you...
   Hermione wanted to scold the two partners severely, but for some reason, the tears couldn't stop falling as soon as she opened her mouth.Seeing her crying, Harry quickly took out his handkerchief, but Hermione slapped it away.Because Hermione didn't want to show her emotional and vulnerable side.
   Okay, let's go together.
    She made a decision:    And there may not be danger, isn't it written in the book? It is afraid of the crowing of the rooster. As long as the plan is thorough, maybe we will go to the secret room next time.
    It's as easy as picking a kale from the garden.
   Chapter 89 was shotThe trio discussed for a long time, and finally finalized the action plan.Hermione was going to urge those first-year girls to study in the name of 
   tutoring homework
   , and then quietly inquired about Ginny in the chat.Harry is responsible for scouting spots and collecting things that can fight the basilisk.As for Ron, he had to find a way to find out more from Slytherin, possibly asking his parents and other relatives.After the discussion, the three of them returned to the castle, ready to act according to plan.But on their way back to the dormitory, they met two people—the twin brothers of the Weasley family.
   Hurry up to the auditorium,
    they shouted to the three of them, 
   Lee Jordan told us that Professor Kettleburn and Professor Lockhart are going to have a duel before dinner, and this time it will be a good show!
    
   
   Duel? Why?
    said Hermione in disbelief.
   Because Lockhart said he was going to teach the students how to deal with dark magic creatures.
    Fred said carelessly, 
   Actually, even if there is no excuse, they will have a fight, right?
   
   But how can there be conflicts between professors? Professor Lockhart is obviously a very good person.
    Hermione frowned.
   Hey, who cares!
    Ron was generous enough, 
   It's just right for dark magic creatures.
   Seeing Ron's unrestrained speech, Hermione quickly gave him a warning wink.Ron knew he had made a slip of the tongue, but his curiosity still made him decide to go to the auditorium with the twins.Seeing that Hermione was a little worried, Harry quickly smoothed things over:    It's good to learn more: right? No matter what the reason is, let's go and see. Anyway, I don't need to train now, and I don't have anything else to do, I guess Will spend a lot of time dueling...   After listening to his words, Hermione felt that if this duel would really teach some ways to deal with dark creatures, it might be really useful for their next actions, so she agreed.As they walked, they listened to the twins tell them how it happenedEver since the Duel Club's 
   Clause for Bringing Creatures
    came out, there are still some students who think that magical creatures should not be brought into battle, because it is obviously unfair.But when they approached Lockhart with his opinion on Wednesday morning, Lockhart told them 
   it's nothing
   
   In the wizard's one-on-one duel, we must put a question mark on the extent to which magical creatures can help. In my opinion, their only function is to restrain, but as long as one is not well grasped, They're no different than a liability on the ring,
    Lockhart told them.The little wizards asked everywhere with full of questions, and finally poked a hornet's nest——Professor Kettleburn of the Protection of Magical Creatures class.Professor Kettleburn made public accusations during his afternoon class with themHe thinks that Lockhart is too arrogant-not to mention that many magical creatures are resistant to magic, even if they have no combat ability themselves, they will definitely not become a burden.
   If that's what he's come to after seeing Master Scamander, then I can only feel sorry for it. He doesn't even know how strong magical creatures can be, even 3X creatures, and it's not a Wizards can handle it easily.
    This is KayThe exact words of Professor Terborn.The students (especially the Gryffindors) were all overjoyed after hearing this, and they immediately passed on Professor Kettleburn's words to Lockhart, trying to make the professors angry.And Lockhart didn't disappoint them either.
   I don't mean to belittle magical creatures. They play an irreplaceable and important role in our social life and environmental improvement. But when it comes to the duel stage, or even when life and death are at stake, I still don't recommend bringing magical creatures for combat , because it will most likely be counterproductive.
    Lockhart also insisted on his own opinion.After hearing this comment, the student who was originally ill-intentioned naturally added fuel to the matter, and transferred the words to Professor Kettleburn.
   Fuck him! If he appears on the dueling ring, I will immediately use my box of magical creatures to make him understand!
    The professor who is known for his hot temper and frizzy behavior replied.Speaking of this, it seems that the two of them can't do without a fight.When Harry and the others rushed to the auditorium, they saw Professor Kettleburn and Professor Lockhart standing at both ends of the dueling ring.Lee Jordan saw them and raised his hand in greeting.
   You guys are late!
    He said, 
   Two games have been played just now, and this is already the third game.
   The Weasley twins were disappointed:    It's late? Why so fast?
   
   It was that fast - in the first game Kettleburn went to open the box and Lockhart hit him. In the second game they said Keitelburn would open the box and then Lockhart hid into the mist, lured the animals away with a duck bait, and then another disarming spell... oh, how miserable.
   
   Now?
    Hermione looked at the stage.
   This is the third game. It is estimated that Professor Kettleburn will change his curiosity this time.
   Not such a strong creature! ’ Jordan grimaced.Everyone turned their eyes back to the stage, only to see that Lockhart was trying to make the final 
   persuade to surrender
   
   Okay, Sylvanus... I really don't mean to look down on magical creatures: I'm just saying that it's not suitable for one-on-one battles between wizards. You can try group battles, but Master Scamander doesn't like it. do this...   But Professor Kettleburn didn't appreciate it:    Don't think you've won! The power of magical creatures is by no means what it seems on the surface.
   Seeing how stubborn this old professor with only one arm and half of a leg left and unable to move without prosthetics gave Lockhart a headache.He wanted to say a few words against his will, but he couldn't.Because he is now a professor of Defense Against the Dark Arts, he is obliged to teach students how to deal with various situations, even if it means offending one or two people.Drink it, since you insist...
    Lockhart had no choice.Then they saluted each other and began the third duelAccording to the agreement, this time Professor Kettleburn can first release the magical creatures to simulate the scene of 
   being attacked by a dark wizard
   .This time, Professor Kettleburn learned his lesson. He threw three fire crabs out of his box in front of the students.After the fire crabs got out of the box, they immediately crawled on their knees, plunged their crab legs deep into the ground, and hid their bodies, only exposing the gemstone carapace on their backs.
   It's a fire crab! Lockhart is in trouble now,
    said Fred, 
   
   The jewel shell of that thing is very resistant to magic, and once it's stuck, even a dragon can't pull it out.George and I have been trying to get some shells to make into armor...
   Ron stared at the gem shells and shook his head sadly:    I can't guaranteeI won't sell it after I get it. 
   diChapter 90 Laissez-faireAfter seeing Professor Kettleburn release three fire crabs, the students from wizarding families showed a look of hope.No one knows better than them how difficult fire crabs are to deal with.Using the word 
   rough skin and thick flesh
    is not enough to describe how difficult this thing is, not to mention that the hardness of the gemstones on its skin is second only to diamonds, and conventional physical methods such as swords and axes are completely unable to deal with it. Even its anti-magic ability is so strong that it can still remain motionless under lightning strikes.After all, the place of origin of this thing is Fiji, and Fiji experiences several typhoons every year, so it has already developed the ability to be 
   unmoved by wind and rain
   , which is very difficult to catch, and its catch method is also very difficult. It is regarded as an untold secret by the magicians in Southeast Asia.Since Fiji also belongs to the Commonwealth, the properties there are also taken for granted by the British as their own.The British magic community introduced it to the mainland not only because of the valuable gems on its shell, but also to use its shell to make WThe shell of the fire crab is hard, anti-magic and watertight, and the effect of using it as a potion is even better than that of golden turkey. Therefore, wizard families who need potions will basically buy them at a high price, especially those who use potions as their business. The wizard is even more necessary, so everyone knows how difficult this thing is to deal with.The three fire crabs lay there, and Professor Kettleburn was hiding behind them—this kind of formation makes people want to fight just looking at it.
   Let me see... this is next... go ahead, cutie!
   Professor Kettleburn, who was squatting behind the fire crab, obviously gained a great sense of security, so that he moved a lot slower when turning over his own box number.The second time he released was a cat leopard, a black cat leopard that looked very lively.If the purpose of the fire crab is to defend, then the function of this one is to harass.It is agile, fast-moving, and aggressive enough to make any wizard scramble when facing it alone. The purpose of Kettleburn pulling it out is self-evident—he hopes that Lockhart Can voluntarily surrender.But Lockhart didn't intend to surrender, he just glanced lazily at Maobao, and then hid himself in a mist.Kettleburn didn't care about him either—anyway, as the number of summons he put on the field gradually increased, his chances of winning would also increase, and the beneficiary of delaying time was himself.Without saying a word, he pulled out another cage from the suitcase, and then opened the door of the cage, and just like that, he released the two wicked birds.The sound of the witch bird can make people or animals who hear it lose their minds, so the wizard is required to cast 
   silence
    on it when it is sold, and the magic must be strengthened once a month.But Kettleburn's two don't look like they've been enchanted, because their wings are flapping loudly.
   Run in and find him!
    Kettleburn called to his magical creature.Seeing that the cat leopard and devil bird were approaching him, Lockhart calmly cast another hurricane spell in the mist.
   The whirlwind!
    Lockhart waved in front of him.The gust of wind created out of thin air immediately blew towards the cat leopard and devil bird, making it difficult for them to move for a while.Kettleburn called out to Lockhart in the mist:    You're draggingTime delay, Gilderoy, you know very well that there is no escape from you! 
   
   How do you know if you don't try it?
    Lockhart replied.In reply to Lockhart, Kettleburn, after a moment's selection, produced a swallow-tailed dog from the box.The swallow-tail dog's sense of smell is so keen that it can pick out Lockhart even if he is hiding in the clouds.Even if Lockhart wanted to rely on his good health to take these injuries and then counterattack, he still didn't have the ability to penetrate the fire crab's defense.But Lockhart doesn't seem to have any plans to penetrate immediately
   Confused!
    Lockhart pointed at the field.The cat, leopard and swallow-tailed dog, which were advancing side by side, suddenly stopped and started attacking each other.The cat and leopard nimbly turned around the body of the swallow-tailed dog, and from time to time, it stepped forward from the blind spot of its gaze and bit it hard.The swallowtail dog was powerless to resist, and could only remind its owner by barking.
   Stop!
    Kettleburn hurriedly tried to dissuade.It's just that neither the cat leopard nor the swallow-tailed dog listened to him. For one reason or another, their eyes were already red.In desperation, Professor Kettleburn had to use magic—he used a lucid spell to calm down his cat, leopard and swallow-tailed dog.Lockhart took advantage of this time to add a spell for himself, and continued to delay:    Protect everyone!
   Although the gust of wind just now temporarily blew the group of small animals away, and now he has added a protective cover to temporarily isolate his own smell, Lockhart still has not solved the problem, because Professor Kettleburn's magical creatures Still on the field.Especially the three fire crabs, they were still firmly embedded in the concrete floor of the ring below them, motionless.Although Lockhart hadn't caused any harm to Kettleburn so far, he didn't dare to be careless.Because the previous two games have proved that Lockhart is a person who will do everything in order to win. Although what he is doing now is delaying time, who knows what bad idea he is brewing.Kettleburn didn't see Lockhart's new movement when the Hurricane Curse stopped.And the cloud and mist at the beginning gradually began to fade until Lockhart's figure was revealed.Unexpectedly, there was no panic on Lockhart's expression.He even thought of provoking Kettleburn:    Magical creatures are not good at this point. If wizards want to control their actions, the energy they spend will be several times the original. It's better to use a spell.
    .”
   Really? Please tell me after winning the big talk, this time you don't want to use bait tactics again, I won't make the same mistake again.
    The old professor said angrily.As he spoke, he poked his head out from behind the fire crab vigilantly, and glanced at the field.This time he deliberately paid more attention, and used creatures that he had domesticated for a long time. He believed that Lockhart would not be so easy to use rubber ducks to attract the attention of all his creatures.Kettleburn thought for a moment, and then threw out three swamp diggers—a magical creature that can sneak into the ground, and it specializes in attacking people's ankles.Now Lockhart is in trouble - the upper three lanes have the vile bird that needs to be worried all the time, the middle three lanes have swallowtail dogs and cat leopards, and the lower three lanes have swamp diggers. It doesn't look like it will be easy The way it is blocked.The best way to deal with swamp diggers is to use Transfiguration, or the 
   Turn Mud to Stone
    spell, but it's no secret that Lockhart is not good at Transfiguration and transmutation spells, so Kettleburn thinks, Lockhart was going to be unstoppable this time.This is the case with people who use magical creatures to duel, once they fail to fight in the early stageRestrict them and let them pave the field, then the high probability of losing is the spell wizard.Lockhart's current situation on the court can be described as precarious, but this can only be blamed on himself. Who let him take the big and let Professor Kettleburn indulge in the early stage?Seeing that he couldn't avoid it, Lockhart finally got serious.
   Look out, students! The reason why I said that it is unreliable to single out magical creatures is because of this. No matter what kind of dark creatures you will face in the future, this spell is very effective...
   As he spoke, he pointed to the air on the duel arena.
   Scintillate!
   Chapter 91 Avada Splits Your Melon
   
   
Chapter 44   
   
   Following Lockhart's incantation, a ball of light rose from the tip of his staff and exploded in the sky above the duel field, and a pattern in the shape of a crescent moon and a rune appeared above everyone's heads.Although this pattern is simple in style, no matter whether it is the students watching or the magical creatures on the field, the moment they stare at it, a feeling of fear will arise from the bottom of their hearts.The wizards are okay, after realizing that their fear is caused by this magic, most of them can restrain the fear in their hearts with their own willpower.But the animals that were still on the dueling field suddenly exploded. The cat and leopard arched their bodies, the hair on their bodies bloomed, and scratched their paws no matter who approached them; the swallow-tailed dog lay on the ground, With its tail tucked up, a muffled growl came out of its throat; the Wretch Bird landed on the ground, covering its head with its wings; the Swamp Digger was frantically digging the soil, trying to continue drilling underground.Even the fire crabs beside Professor Kettleburn suddenly went berserk. They crawled up from the ground, and crazily sprayed flames around their bodies.The flame even burned Professor Kettleburn's robe, so that he had to use 
   clear water like a spring
    to put out the fire first.The scene became a mess, and Professor Kettleburn had no intention of dueling now, and he had to give priority to restoring control of these magical creatures.Amidst all the uproar, Gilderoy Lockhart's voice of incantation seemed so abrupt:   Flying sand and stone!
   Professor Kettleburn found that not far in front of him, the air suddenly twisted violently, and then exploded.The tumbling air wave knocked Professor Kettleburn to the ground, and the fire crabs, cats, leopards, and swallow-tailed dogs who got up beside him were all shaken away by the spell just now, and now there is no one between them. shaded.I saw Lockhart stretching out his right arm in a corner of the ring, raising his wand high, posing with his feet, and a faint green light shone on the tip of the wand
   Avada-
   The eyes of the students watching the battle immediately widened, especially those from wizard families.It's just a duel, as for using the Killing Curse?Professor Tun...
   Someone instinctively wanted to speak out to stop it, but it was obviously too late.But they were clearly overthinking.
   —Pinigra!
    Lockhart finally said the second half of the incantation.As the spell was uttered, the wand in Lockhart's right hand also fell from the air, and drew a drop shape in the air, and poked forward forcefully with the movement of his wrist.The green light condensed on the tip of the staff shot out, directly facing Professor Kettleburn's forehead.Kettleburn's eyes widened in fear, and his prosthetic limbs were raised in front of his eyes, as if trying to resist something.But he also knew that this was just his instinctive action, and it was impossible to block the Killing Curse with his hands.But when the spell hit his prosthetic limb, there was a crisp 
   joy
    sound.— A pine cone bounced off his prosthetic limb and fell through the air, landing on top of Professor Kettleburn's head.The atmosphere at the scene froze for a while.
   Hahaha...
    Lockhart laughed and withdrew the 
   Shining Pattern
    and retracted his wand.He took the initiative to step forward and helped Professor Kettleburn up:    Sorry, Sylvanus, I was just joking.
   Professor Kettleburn finally woke up at this time - yes, how could it be possible to use the Unforgivable Curse in the duel arena.
   Yeah, a joke... I can't guarantee that my old bones can make such a joke twice...
    He stood up muttering.
   I'm sorry.
    Lockhart quickly apologized, this time it seemed that he played too much.Then he turned to the audience and explained it to the students.
   Don't worry, everyone. That wasn't the Killing Curse just now, it's my edited version.
   Avada splits your melon: the second half is a small trick composed of    piny (pine tree plant) and 
   grmin (seed)', and you can also use it to simulate the killing curse of the dark wizard in the duel arena in the future , whoever gets hit by a pine cone is immediately judged to be a loser... but I hope you will never use the prototype of this spell in your life.
   The students breathed a sigh of relief at this moment, and then clapped their hands.
   Brilliant!
    they shouted.Lockhart's three duels showed them three ways to deal with duels with magical creatures. The first is to take advantage of the timing of the opponent's placement, and the second is to use the nature of the animal to separate it from the dark wizard; The third type is a magic that can fear creatures in a large area, and then use flying sand and rocks to clear the field, and the spell directly kills the enemy.Seeing that the students were talking a lot, Lockhart simply used the scene to add a temporary lesson for the students present.Io I have to add one more word of caution, even though Summoning doesn't count in [-]v[-]Strong, but if there are more than 2 people, or even large-scale team battles, the side that trains magical creatures to form an army will have a considerable advantage, because then they can be responsible for summoning alone, and the others will be responsible for protecting the summoners. Then some single-handed tricks will no longer work...
   He gave Professor Kettleburn a step down so that their relationship would not be strained because of this incident. After all, he came to check on him when he was attacked, and this is acceptable.After gaining the limelight again and confirming his status as an 
   expert in fighting against dark creatures
   , Lockhart walked off the stage happily pretending to be successful, and prepared to return to his office.However, he was stopped by someone on the way, and there were still three people.After half a school year of adaptation, Hermione was finally able to stop stuttering when talking to Lockhart.
   Professor... can you teach us that magic you just used? We think... uh...
   Seeing that she was stuck, Lockhart thought of a reason for them:    You want to use it against Mr. Malfoy?
   
   Ah... yes! It's very embarrassing to say it.
    Hermione borrowed the slope to get off the donkey, 
   He can use the pets he bought to duel with others, which is too unfair.
   
   But when fighting a dark wizard, the dark wizard won't be fair to you. If it's not bullying, they usually won't do it.
    Lockhart said earnestly.
   Yeah, that's why we came to learn from you.
    Hermione immediately added.Lockhart knew that the three of them must have some kind of plan, that's why they were so urgent about the 
   shining pattern
   .Even if they didn't come to ask, he still had to find an opportunity to teach these things. Now that they took the initiative to ask, Lockhart certainly wished for it.
   Of course, Avada will chop your melon, right?
    He deliberately teased them, 
   From mantras to gestures, I can teach you everything, so you can learn it in no time.Both Ron and Harry could see that Professor Lockhart was joking, but Hermione definitely took it seriously.
   ...No, we want to learn the moon pattern!
   Lockhart laughed loudly:    I know, if you want to learn, of course I will teach you, but we will have dinner soon, so you can come to me after dinner.
   Chapter 92 Night InterviewThe magic of shining patterns is not complicated, at least for Lockhart
   This magic originated from ancient Egypt and was invented by Egyptian wizards after observing Boggarts. It can make all animals see what they fear most in their hearts, even dragons.Besides, the more you know about the habits of that animal or person, the better the effect of your magic will be.For example, I will show cats and leopards a large group of hyenas, fire crabs to see thunderbirds, and swamp diggers to see earthcutters... The more knowledgeable the person who uses this magic, the better it will be. 
   Hearing this, Harry and Ron immediately turned their attention to Hermione, and the meaning couldn't be more clear: Sis, it's your turn!Hermione did her part:    So, what about the casting gesture of this spell, and the emotion when using it?
   
   You're on point!
    Lockhart answered her. 
   The hardest part of this spell is the subtle emotion - you have to keep yourself in that 'craving for J' feeling, a kind of eagerness to The feeling of wanting to get something, a feeling of being anxious but unable to give up. 
   
   That's easy.
    Ron said behind them, 
   Hermione, think about the state of you entering the examination room, ready to start answering questions.
   
   Oh, shut up.
    Hermione looked a little embarrassed.Although Lockhart didn't think it was difficult, the 
   Shining Pattern
    became the first magic that the trio of saviors didn't learn right away.
   No, no, no...you don't need to look directly into the other person's eyes when you use it, and you only need to draw two curved lines to draw the crescent pattern on the wand. I just draw it for the sake of saving trouble and speed.two inscribed circles...emotions, the most important thing is emotions!Although the result is to scare people, it is not for you to chant the spell with fear...
   The three who failed to learn were a little frustrated.5 Mr. fart, what if you get scared first when you chant the mantra? ' asked Harry.Lockhart elongated his face in regret:    It's the same as the form that Boggarts show after saying 
   funny funny
    to Boggarts, such shining patterns are not scary at all, but they will make them feel It's ridiculous—remember, Boggarts are for hunting, and they have to become the most feared thing of the prey, so we must let the inner emotions be full of greed. 
   The three exchanged glances, and each could see helplessness in each other's eyes.Facing a terrible basilisk, and that basilisk may stare you to death or bite you through your body at any time, you can't bring fear in your emotions, even if they are all Gryffindors, this is for them It was too difficult.—Looking at the time, Lockhart found that it was already nine o'clock in the evening. Even if there was no class the next day, it would be too late for the 12-year-old little wizards, so he took the initiative to dismiss this extra-curricular improvement class.
   We actually practiced for nearly two hours! But don't worry, everyone has spells they are good at and spells they are not good at, and you don't always have to use the same spell to solve problems, all roads lead to Rome …Well, children, it is too late now, you should go to bed quickly.
   After sending the three of them out, Lockhart began to wash up.He has mastered three spells that second-year students can't easily learn-to be honest, it's nothing to brag about.Since he was attacked by the basilisk last time, things in his office had been damaged a lot, and none of them could be restored simply with a repair spell, so he filed a reimbursement request with the principal.But Dumbledore didn't intend to spend such a waste of money. He easily restored most of the cabinets, even the office door. Except for the part that was stained with basilisk venom and couldn't be restored, the rest of the things were as good as new. no difference.Apart from being able to confirm that the headmaster used spells like Flashback and Advanced Transfiguration, Lockhart couldn't even recognize what magic he used.The inadvertent gesture of the headmaster made Lockhart put away his already complacent heart. He had to remind himself repeatedly that his strength was not in magic power, and he couldn't be contemptuous just because of the relatively easy teaching task. Heart.The full bucket is stable, and the half bucket of water dangles blindly.Just as he was changing into his pajamas and brushing his teeth, there was another knock on his office door.He hastily rinsed his mouth and put on a coat before opening the door for the person who came. Since the portrait didn't remind him, the person shouldn't be the attacker. Basic politeness is still there.He looked through the peephole of the door,It turned out to be HermioneGood morning, Miss Granger!I thought you guys had already gone to bed...
   After he finished speaking, he looked around. Fortunately, 
   you
    and 
   you
    in EnglishBut no trace of Harry and Ron was found.It's all one word, so it doesn't make sense for him to say thatWhat. Speech disorderBut Lockhart raised his vigilance slightly:    Is there anything wrong? If there is nothing important, you can ask me again tomorrow.
   — Zhao was bitten by a snake and was afraid of well ropes for ten years. He was a little worried that Ginny would turn into Hermione after drinking Polyjuice Potion to let him relax his vigilance and attack him again.How clever Hermione was, she guessed what he meant right away.
   Harry and Ron have gone back to sleep. I have something to ask you alone. It's not about the shining pattern just now. I already have some ideas about that magic.Wrist movements are still not very proficient... I'm going to talk about the Chamber of Secrets. After hearing this, Lockhart opened the door.
   Well, it looks like you can't sleep without getting things straightened out: come in thenHermione was indeed on her mind: but after seeing the nightcap on Lockhart's head, she forgot what she wanted to say for a moment.Seeing her staring up at his head, Lockhart realized he was still wearing a nightcap to protect his hair.He took it off immediately:    Sorry, it's really rude.
   
   It's okay, I like Garfield too...it's cute.
    Hermione said hastily.Lockhart took her to the table and sat down while he served drinks himself.
   Tea and coffee are not good at this point, how about warm milk and honey water?
    he asked.
   Thank you.
    Hermione collected herself, 
   That's it...Professor Lockhart, I want to ask, did you already know the location of the Chamber of Secrets and... the basilisk?
   Lockhart was getting milk out of the cupboard, and upon hearing this, he became one of [coins.He deliberately pretended to be stupid:    Why do you ask that? I remember that the newspapers said that I was just posturing when I announced that I had found the clue to the secret room.
   
   Yes, thankfully, I don't quite believe what the papers say now.said Hermione.Hermione's words made Lockhart almost cry.Chapter 93 Smart people are not easy to deal withHermione said she trusted Lockhart, but her tone was so natural that Lockhart didn't know what to say.
   I'm very touched by your actions, Miss Granger. It's a pity that I don't know if I can repay this trust. I may have to hide something.
    Lockhart said with a sigh.Hermione began to comfort him instead:    I understand, Professor. But, you don't want to see us die, do you?
   
   I don't even dare to think that way!
   
   Yes, I think so too, that's why I want to ask clearly... Did you know about the Chamber of Secrets and the basilisk from the beginning?
   This was the first time Lockhart had seen Hermione look so serious.In the past, when she saw herself, she was more or less restrained. Even if the concern for herself in words and deeds was not fake, it was probably no different from fans' concern for idols.Perhaps this is the halo effect brought by idols. Whether it is worship or longing, there is always a kind of unreality from the inside out.As Lockhart and Harry said, the so-called idol is just a reflection of some people's shortcomings and dissatisfaction in their lives, and then they put fantasy on a certain person. As long as this idol can continue to satisfy this fantasy, He/she can continue to serve as that person's spiritual support.So, who is it that makes Hermione jump out of the idol effect and become real?Is it friendship?The concern for her friends finally made her start to face the reality?Thinking of this, Lockhart opened his mouth again:    Ask me if I already knew
   
   
Chapter 45   
   
   JJ, I can only say that I am afraid that I know as much as you do... But how did you find out?Miss Granger? 
   Seeing that Lockhart confirmed his guess, Hermione was greatly relieved.
   Professor, you have prepared too well.
    She said, 
   When I checked the information on the basilisk, I noticed some things that I hadn't noticed before... For example, in Mrs. Pince's register, there is The one person who borrowed that book was you, and you also specifically consulted the Basilisk page.
   
   Wait...
    Lockhart was a little surprised:    You can check the borrowing records, but how do you know which page I checked?Hermione looked a little proud:    There is a hair in that page, it's golden curly hair.
   Lockhart was speechless.
   There are others... I'm not sure what that contact lens of yours was for before the Dueling Club started, but then the ones you made out of the sap of the Warder tree are supposed to prevent the Basilisk stare. And you at the club party Tell us the history of the Chamber of Secrets, the presents for Christmas, and the magic taught tonight...Why do you have to hint in this way instead of telling us directly?
   Because the principal wants you to learn to be self-reliant!Lockhart thought.
   Sure enough, I can't hide it from you.
    He simply admitted, 
   Although I have said it countless times, you are indeed the smartest witch I have ever met, Miss Granger.
   You can call me Hermione if you want.
   
   Well, if you don't call me 'Sir', Professor Dun,
    you: but instead call me    Lockhart
   , I'll call you Hermione. 
   Lockhart offered to exchangeHermione hadn't expected it to go so fast: make-up, yes, Professor...I mean, Lock... Lockhart.    Lockhart sat down at the table with the teapot filled with milk, and at the same time motioned for Hermione to sit down as well.
   Then I'll get straight to the point, I do know the location and entrance to the Chamber of Secrets, I know it's controlled by Miss Weasley, and I do know about the Basilisk and its weakness - after all I may be currently being attacked by the Basilisk the only one who remains soberAlthough Lockhart personally admitted, Hermione didn't feel relaxed at all.
   But, I don't know one
   Hermione's expression told Lockhart that she was in a very puzzling state now:    Why don't you and the headmaster just deal with it?
   It's not just because of your tricks.Lockhart thought.He thought about it, and then used a more euphemistic remark.
   There are many reasons, Hermione, the most important of which is that the headmaster believes that things are generally still under control, so it might as well be a... trial, a trial for the students. Gwartz's students are more helpful.
   
   Trial?
    Hermione asked in disbelief. 
   A trial that risked our lives? Then why would we come to Hogwarts? Wouldn't it be better to just throw the students into the Forbidden Forest?
   Her series of rhetorical questions pointed to the point, and Lockhart felt that if he didn't talk about the core content, he might not be able to explain it.
   The headmaster probably thinks...you have the ability to solve all this.
    He replied dryly.Lockhart's words were unconvincing, he could sense it himself, and Hermione observed it even more acutely.
   But Ginny...she's out of order! I asked Ginny's classmatesHowever, her energy is getting worse and worse these days, and she seems to be recovering from illness, and occasionally suddenly becomes irritable... She even lost her temper two days ago and threw away the diary she had written for more than half a year.
   Lost it? Where did it go?
    Lockhart blurted out in surprise.Hermione immediately read something from his expression:    What? Is there something wrong with that diary?
   Lockhart opened his mouth, but finally closed it without another word.Horcruxes, I 
   shouldn't know
    now.Seeing him like this, Hermione looked a little disappointed: I knew, you must be hiding something from us, maybe we shouldn't ask, but anyway, I won't believe that you want to harm us.    
   Absolutely not.
    Lockhart assured solemnly, 
   In fact, the portrait outside the Myrtle washroom on the second floor has been watching there, and any movement will be reported to me, and I will evacuate the nearby people in time. Students, this is the principal's order.
   Hermione seemed a little less interested:    It turns out that you already knew... So, we are brewing soup there...
   Lockhart recalled Snape's comment:    The materials are processed very rough. Many dried herbs are directly torn by hand instead of smoothed and then cut. Use three ±w, so as not to mix the medicinal properties in advance...
   
   Understood.
    Hermione stuck out her tongue:    The conditions are simple.
   But she realized right away that she had been distracted by Lockhart again.
   Professor...uh...Lockhart, why does the principal have to let the students solve the problem?
    Hermione asked the most important thing.Chapter 94 Telling the truth is not easySeeing that Hermione finally inevitably asked the key point, Lockhart felt that no matter whether he was out of emotion or reason, he should not continue to hide it.But he also can't destroy the principal's plans or expectations, even if the secret is now in name only.
   Have you discussed these things with Mr. Potter and Mr. Weasley?
    Lockhart was very concerned about this issue.Hermione shook her head, 
   Not yet.
   
   why?
   
   because...
   Hermione hesitated for a moment, as if she was not sure whether she should tell Lockhart something, but she thought that the question had been lingering in her mind for a long time, and finally had a chance to talk to someone, so she still shared her thoughts with Lockhart. said
   Because I always feel that we—I mean me and Harry and Ron, we are being designed to do something.
    Hermione seemed very distressed:    It was like this last year, although protecting the Philosopher's Stone made us We were very happy, but after thinking about the process carefully, every step in the middle was something we could handle, and we were only - graders at that time...
   Lockhart grinned in his heart: Yes, Lao Deng, something happened.   ...This year is also the same, but the person who led us to find out the truth of the matter was replaced by you, not Principal Dumbledore, so I came to ask you.
    Hermione explained her purpose of coming today.This question is really not easy for Lockhart to answer, because Deng Xiaoping's worry is obvious.No one likes to be arranged, especially Harry Potter doesn't want himselfWhen he became the savior of the world's attention.If he found himself being forced to 
   train
    to be a pawn against Voldemort, the emotional instability of adolescence might lead him to do something extreme.It's Gryffindor after all.Lockhart breathed out slowly, but he was quickly sorting out his words in his mind.He wanted to make up a plausible lie and get Hermione out of the way first, which wasn't too difficult for him.But when he saw the sparkling eyes of the little girl, he felt a little speechless.It's a strange feeling. He can make up [-] sets of lies without changing his face when confronted by reporters, bosses and investigation committees, but if he is asked to tell a lie to a child, he still tells them a lie. Panicking that his life was in danger, Lockhart felt that it was difficult for him to keep his face.
   If I tell you, can you keep it a secret?
    Lockhart asked suddenly.Hermione was overjoyed:    Yes!
   
   Are you willing to keep it a secret?
    Lockhart asked again.Hermione didn't feel the difference between Lockhart's two questions, she just nodded repeatedly.
   Well, if you insist, I can tell you some truths, and I can tell you why we do what we do, but at the cost of...
   As he spoke, he took out his wand.
   I'm going to have to put an Oblivion Charm on you, Hermione.
   
   What?!
    Hermione looked very surprised.
   A forgetting spell. Of course, this forgetting spell will only take effect for a while. After you solve the problem of the secret room, my memory shielding magic will be invalidated, and this memory of yours will be released again.
    Lockhart explained to her with.Hermione felt incredible:    But why? We have the right to know the truth about ourselves!
   Damn, you have rights, but we also have our own difficulties, and I believe you will understand after listening to it. If you can’t accept it, I can even go to the principal and ask him to pick you and Ron out...Of course It was impossible for him to give up his plans, and neither could I. 
   Lockhart smiled wryly and spread out his hands to the little witch.Hermione opened her mouth slightly, but closed it again without saying anything, as if she was struggling in pain.After a long time, she opened her mouth again.
   I want to know the truth. I can no longer act like a fool, walking on the road that others have designed for me, unless I think it is necessary...I am no longer a three-year-old kid.
   A 13-year-old is no different.Lockhart groaned.He immediately asked without giving Hermione too much time to think:    So, are you also ready to have a period of memory erased temporarily?
   He wanted to see how determined she was.Hermione clenched her fists tightly, but her gaze was even more determined. It was a tough gaze that Harry complained about as 
   reminiscent of Professor McGonagall
   .
   I want to know the truth. As for the future, I will figure out a way.
    She raised her head and looked directly at Lockhart for the first time in history, without looking away at all.Lockhart smiled reluctantly—in the midst of caring for her friends and exploring her own future, this little witch finally got rid of her idol halo, which was a great step forward for her growth.Just... why now?
   Well, you little bigot, if you insist...
   
   I insist.
    Hermione repeated.Lockhart rubbed his temples with his fingers:    Since you insist, thenLet's talk about it... First of all, I have to tell you one thing - you guessed it right, the principal is indeed testing you with the Philosopher's Stone and the Chamber of Secrets. He is trying to make you learn to search for information and clues, and then deduce the truth, and finally Solve problems with courage and ability, and I'm working for him. 
   Hermione let out a sigh of relief when she heard this.
   I knew...
    she murmured under her breath, 
   like a puppet on a string...
   I hope this won't affect your perception of the headmaster and me.
    Lockhart hastily remedied, 
   The headmaster wants to train Harry Potter and you, he never wants to harm you, he just thinks ...uh...he's got everything under control, and things really haven't gotten out of his control so far.
   
   Why did the principal use this method to train Harry?
    Hermione frowned. 
   Why not someone else? Why such a dangerous method? What roles do Ron and I play in it?
   Because he is the savior and you are all part of the savior team.This is a very nonsense thing. Dumbledore kept saying that he didn't believe in things like prophecy, and Voldemort's attitude towards prophecy has always been sneering.But when the 
   true prophecy
    appeared, whether it was Dumbledore or Voldemort, their attitudes were like those emperors who said 
   I never believe in auspiciousness
   . The kind that tells the world.The more capable people are, the more superstitious they are?
   For some reason, Dumbledore believes that only Harry can completely wipe out the man who can't even be named.
    He could only explain in this way first.Chapter 95 The savior is also a childBecause the headmaster needs to develop Harry's ability to destroy Voldemort, and Voldemort is likely to return in a few years, the time is too tight, so the headmaster chose to take risks-this is what Lockhart said to Hermione.
   And I decided to do what the principal said. Although I don't agree with the logic, I believe in Dumbledore. Even if he concealed something from me, that concealment is necessary, and... I will continue to I really need the principal’s help in planning for myself.”Of course, this explanation did not completely satisfy Hermione, but she could only accept it temporarily.
   So, the 
   that person
    that Professor Snape mentioned should be the headmaster, right?What price did you pay? ' Hermione asked another question that had been bothering her for a long time.
   I really don't know how you found out so many things. If you spent all your energy on the Chamber of Secrets, I would probably be freed by this time and go to work in the Ministry of Magic.
    Lockhart did not answer this question directly.
   Tell me!
    Hermione begged.
   ...It's nothing, just took a little risk, but it's impossible to do things for the principal without taking risks.
    Lockhart shrugged, still refusing to say.Seeing that Lockhart refused to speak directly, Hermione was a little disappointed.However, because she often reads newspapers, Hermione is not unfamiliar with the politics of the Muggle world, and she almost understood Lockhart's purpose in doing so with a little thought.
   For support at the Ministry?
    she asked again.
   Yes.
    Lockhart admitted.
   Oh my God.
    Hermione's expression was as if a celebrity's fan had heard that he was on drugs—like, 
   for power.
   
   In order to achieve the ultimate goal of eradicating the dark arts, just as it is written in my book,
    Lockhart said solemnly, 
   You will understand, Hermione, that the real way to eradicate the dark arts is always to start with politics.
    .”
   Politics? Dark Arts? I don't understand. Teach... Lockhart.
   Hermione looked like a traditional mathematician who heard the concept that 
   two parallel lines can intersect
   , and in her view, the same two parallel lines should be between dark magic and politics.Lockhart touched her little head:    You will understand sooner or later, Hermione, as long as you keep a kind heart and a smart mind like you are now, then when you encounter ugly phenomena in society At that time, you will definitely use your reason to come to the same conclusion as me.
   
   Yes, is it?
   Being patted on the head by Lockhart suddenly, Hermione looked a little unnatural. It seemed that something was still deeply ingrained, and it couldn't be broken just by breaking it.
   Yes, after next summer, I will let the world know a completely different me.
    Lockhart looked confident.
   Well...good luck!
    said Hermione.At this point, the two had a thorough conversation, but at the same time, in order not to reveal too much to Harry in advance, Lockhart had to cast an Oblivion Curse on Hermione so that she could keep the secret.
   That's good too... After using the Oblivion Curse, I don't have to worry about betraying my friends. I'm not sure I can keep it a secret.
    Hermione's voice trembledIt was the first time for Hermione to experience such a thing as 
   erasing memory
   , and she looked very disturbed.
   Take it easy, Hermione, I'm not bragging, of all my magic, I'm the best atThe long one is the Forgetting Curse, which will never have any side effects. 
    Lockhart comforted her
   
   
Chapter 46   
   
   
   I know that you are very good at spiritual magic.
   Although Hermione said that she believed in Lockhart, instead of becoming quiet, her body trembled with the sound.
   Oh, this is not possible, you are too nervous...
    Lockhart shook his head, 
   Don't worry, the memory is not permanently erased, I will apply a temporary blocking magic on it to lock your relevant memory in , and after eliminating the secret room monster and the man behind the scenes, the lock of this 
   room
    will be triggered, and your memory will flood your brain again. 
   
   Yes, yes...
    Hermione still couldn't calm down.Casting the Oblivion Charm when the nerves are tense will not cause the spell to fail, but it will cause some mental trauma. Bertha Jorkins was destroyed by Wormtail in this way, so Lockhart didn't want to directly force it so hard.
   You'd better drink a glass of milk first, and talk about it when you calm down.
    Lockhart had to withdraw his wand.
   sorry.
   
   There's nothing I'm sorry about, the main thing is that I hope it can be handled perfectly.
    Hermione also knew that this would not work, so she made a request.
   T-professor... I mean, Lockhart, can you... give me a hug? It will make me feel a little bit safer, and you can cast spells when I'm not looking...
   
   Hug?
    Lockhart didn't expect her to make this request. 
   If a hug can make you feel a little better, of course.
   
   Thank you.
    Hermione seemed relieved.It's just to appease a child, nothing to make a fuss about - that's what Lockhart thought at the moment.But when he put his arms around Hermione's shoulders and she buried her head in his chest, trembling all over, Lockhart realized that she was really afraid.
   Why is my magic level so untrustworthy?
    he asked intentionally
   No, it's not you, I just... don't know what I'm going to face in the future, and I feel very scared when I think that this memory will be erased.
    Hermione said with her head down.
   future?
   
   Yes... it's just the first grade, and the principal wants us to face the guy who is possessed by a person who can't even mention his name, and we have to go through the trap carefully designed by the professors. In the second grade, we have to kill a monster by ourselves. The basilisk, and that basilisk has even lived for 1000 years, and it will kill people at any time... So what about the third grade? What about the fourth grade? What else did the principal prepare for us?
   At the end, Hermione's words had a hint of crying.Lockhart was momentarily at a loss for words.Probably because he was too impressed with the 
   omnipotent, indomitable, and resourceful
    image in the original book, he naturally treated her as he would treat that kind of person.But... everyone is human, let alone just a little girl.Even by the end of the plot year, the three saviors have just come of age.Rather than saying how brave and resolute they are, it is better to say that they do not know how difficult and dangerous the future will be, so they have to bite the bullet and move forward.If you have to say it, it's not called maturity, not even ripening.They are just like the fruits sold on Pinduoduo. They are picked when they are still green, and they have to be stored for a few days before they are delivered to the destination.I don't regret making friends with Harry and Ron, they are very sincere people, and they really care about you, Mr. Weasley and Mrs. Weasley are also goodPeople...but why do good people have to bear so much pain and responsibility?
    Hermione said with a choke.Lockhart found himself completely unable to answer the question.Chapter 96 Confronting the EnemyAlthough Lockhart wanted to talk to Hermione about life's problems now, he knew very well that what this little witch needed now was not reasoning, but comfort.Indeed, a 12-year-old child should be like other girls, chatting about clothes and shoes, talking about food, gossip about two handsome guys, and arguing fiercely about who is the attacker and who is the age, and she is suddenly suppressed No one will be in a good mood to take on a burden that is too heavy to be frightening.Think about it, a group of children in the first grade of junior high school were suddenly called over by the Ministry of National Security and each of them was given a dagger, telling them to go to the battlefield training quickly, because the three of them will be sent to wipe out ISIS in a few years. The brat didn't go crazy on the spot, which is already considered their nerves are strong.
   Cry, it'll feel better when you cry...
    Lockhart told her.He suddenly began to loathe himself a little, no matter what words he used to comfort him, the essence was still to let these children go to the front line, so that he could sit back and enjoy the benefits.People like him always call themselves 
   public servants
    and claim to serve the public, so■■■All actions follow the will of society, but in fact it is a group of people who use social rules, and finallyself-serving personWhat kind of person can lie on the sacrifice of others without changing his face and 
   achieve himself
   ?After venting her emotions for a while, Hermione gradually calmed down.
   I feel better now,
    she said. 
   You can do it now, Professor Lockhart, and it may be better for me to forget about it.
   But Lockhart didn't draw out his wand again.
   Hermione...
    He sighed, and slowly opened his mouth, 
   That's all for today, you go back to sleep after drinking the milk, and then use the weekend to think about it.
   Think, I can come back on Sunday night to erase your memory. 
   This time it was Hermione's turn to be puzzled.
   Why?
    she asked.
   No reason, I just want to tell you that there is still time to get out. Thinking about it now, some responsibilities should not be carried by you children. Whoever wants to profit from it should bear this responsibility.
    Lockhart Made a decision that made him want to slap himself.Hermione felt unbelievable:    But... we are the ones who make the most money!
   
   Ok?
   
   Harry is our friend. Since he is destined to be the only one who can destroy You-Know-Who, shouldn't we help him with all our strength? We can't escape this.
    Hermione seemed to have finally made up her mind:    So, Lockhart Professor, let's do it directly, I'm afraid I'll shrink back after thinking about it for two days.
   
   you sure?
   
   I'm sure.
    Hermione repeated herself with a fearless spirit.
   ...At first I thought it was a mistake that the Sorting Hat didn't sort you into Ravenclaw, but now it seems that Gryffindor is Gryffindor.
   Lockhart took out his wand while sighing with emotion:    I promise, just one click.
   For Lockhart, it is easy to use 
   Forget Nothing
    to erase other people's memories, but he needs to be more careful in order to finely modify and block memories.Because what he wants to seal up is not only the passage that happened in the office, but also some memories that caused Hermione to doubt all kinds of adventures in the past two years, and he also needs to temporarily seal up.To do this requires a very high level of spiritual magic control, anyone who canPeople who do this can apply for a job at St. Mungo's Hospital and get a psychiatric specialist title from there.It's a pity that Lockhart has no intention of practicing medicine, because studying medicine can't save the Chinese people.It's no surprise that the best memory modifiers aren't in hospitals any more than the best actors are in Congress instead of Hollywood.Because he wanted to find out where Hermione's relevant memories were, Lockhart searched very carefully, so he naturally saw the part where she was discussing with Ron and Harry how to enter the Chamber of Secrets.To be honest, Lockhart was very moved, he hadn't seen such pure emotion without any calculations for a long time.For a person who likes to calculate, everything in the world is something that can be measured and traded. As long as he has enough capital, he can get what he wants through trading.It is precisely because of this that he knows how precious such a relationship is, and he also understands that it is very likely that he will never have such a thing in his life.Sealing the memory didn't take much time for Lockhart, but he felt a little tired.After the memory is sealed, Hermione will only remember that she came to Lockhart tonight to learn some difficulties in the 
   shining pattern
   , and Lockhart did patiently teach her a lot of essentials. Just practice and you will be successful.It was only when Hermione went back to her bedroom and went to bed that she felt as if she had forgotten something.
   I seem to have a new smell on my body, and it's a very reassuring smell. It's strange, when did I start calling Professor Lockhart by his first name?
   Because it was discovered that Ginny had lost her diary, the trio searched in the castle for a period of time, trying to find Ginny's diary.From their point of view, Ginny's diary must have recorded something about the mastermind behind the scenes.I believe that as long as they see the diary, they will be able to deduce who the person who confused Ginny is.After some searching, they found that it was no trouble at all—Ginny had actually left the diary in Myrtle's bathroom.Harry opened the diary happily, wanting to get some clues from it, but when he opened the old diary, he was dumbfounded—it was blank.They resolutely flipped through the diary several times, and after confirming that they hadn't used any invisible ink, they had to give up and look for clues from other places.
   ...I bought this diary from a Muggle, and the original owner was Tom Riddle...This name is too common, so it's hard to find.
    Harry was a little frustrated.But Ron remembered something:    I've heard of this name... When I was punished to stay at Filch's school for labor, because I vomited a slug, I wiped a medal dozens of times... It's Tom. Riedel's, he got a special contribution award.
   If there is a clue, the three of them immediately went to the prize showroom, and successfully found the name——Tom Riddle received the Hogwarts Special Contribution Award 50 years ago, but the reason was not mentioned.
   The last time the Chamber of Secrets was opened was at this time!
    Hermione finally discovered the connection between the two, 
   Maybe he won the award because of the Chamber of Secrets!
   After learning the name Tom Riddle, Harry stared at the diary for a long time, thoughtful.This Tom Riddle... Harry wondered why he felt an affinity for this man he had never met.I don't know if it's the connection with the Horcrux, but Harry can feel that this diary seems to have some relationship with him, otherwise he wouldn't feel like he met some old acquaintance when he stared at it.
   Ginny must have written something on it, but now it's all gone, not even a trace of writing left. I figured...should we write something on it too?
    Harry asked.PS Forget it, let’s finish today’s part in one go, so that the plot can be continued_(: 3J B)Chapter 97 Refused to InterveneLockhart thought for a long time alone after Hermione came to find him.At present, the Savior can only grasp all the secrets in the secret room with a single kick, and all he needs to do is to speed up the process without leaving any traces.As long as Harry finds the Chamber of Secrets, the agreement between himself and Dumbledore will be fully fulfilled, and then he can go to the Ministry of Magic to take up his post in a cool way, repaying kindness with kindness, and revenge with vengeance.But after talking with Hermione, he suddenly realized that he might still be too lazy-Even a little girl can bravely take responsibility when faced with responsibilities, but as an adult, and an adult who claims to have ideals but hides behind, this is really unreasonable.Not to mention whether the trio will follow Dumbledore's ideas, even if they complete what Dumbledore told them, Lockhart doesn't think the whole thing is done.Dumbledore was still thinking about treating the head for a headache and treating the foot for a foot.Because Voldemort created Horcruxes, he had to train people to destroy Horcruxes; because Voldemort believed in prophecies, Dumbledore did what the prophecies said; because Voldemort's weakness was that he didn't understand friendship and love, Dumbledore Lido wanted to solve him with friendship and love.But Lockhart had a slight criticism of this-it is true to see every trick, but it is only right.You have to be strong when you strike the iron. During the period before Voldemort's return, if the political ecology of the wizarding world can be changed enough that there is no market for extreme wizarding ideas, then even if Voldemort returns, he can only choose to continue to be a terrorist.Molecule, not a social activist.The precious ten years that Lily Potter bought back with her life are not for you to waste like this: Dumbledore.While thinking this way, Lockhart touched the door of the principal's office and reported to him what happened last night.   So they still found out? You did a good job, Gilderoy, I really didn't misread you.
    Dumbledore expressed his approval.But Lockhart wasn't happy at all:    But it makes me feel bad, Headmaster.
   
   It can be seen... Then, what is the reason?
   
   I mean us, we have thrown the responsibility that we should shoulder on - a group of 12-year-old children.
    Lockhart said bluntly.Dumbledore cast his gaze over his glasses, as if to confirm whether Lockhart was telling the truth.
   It's good to see that you are willing to take more responsibility, Gildero. In my impression, there are very few politicians who are willing to take the initiative to take responsibility. Even people like Fudge are among these people. It's exceptional.
   
   Probably because I haven't invested too much capital in the political arena, so I don't worry about gains and losses like them.
    Lockhart has always been very frank in front of Dumbledore.
   Then I'm curious, where is your bottom line?
    Dumbledore asked with interest.
   Don't challenge my bottom line, otherwise I will have to modify my bottom line, which is a very troublesome thing.
    Lockhart replied half-truthfully.
   Hehe...
    Dumbledore laughed, 
   Generally speaking, it is very difficult to take the initiative to admit one's moral flaws, and there are only two kinds of people who can do this kind of thing, one is shameless, The second is to try to put yourself on a morally low ground,It will be even more harmless to accuse others this way... I want to hear what you are going to use to convince me. 
   Since Dumbledore had already guessed it, there was no need for Lockhart to hide it.
   I think in the next plan, I should play a more important role
   Plan? What plan?
    Dumbledore asked calmly.Newell's plan for those three students... don't take me for a fool, Principal.Now that I've done so much for you, it's only natural to charge some interest, right? 
   Dumbledore didn't seem surprised by his statement at all:    So, what are you going to do? Write everything you have experienced into a book?
   
   At the end I'll do it, but before that, I'd like to have some power over the plans. No matter what you want to do, I don't think it's right to put all your hopes on three little kids, something I'd rather do it myself.
   Dumbledore crossed his hands and stared at Lockhart for a while before finally speaking.
   No.
   
   why?
   
   No matter what the reason for your whim today, but this request is too much.
    Dumbledore said, 
   Your stage is at the Ministry of Magic, Gilderoy, not at school. How to 
   educate Man', I think I think more than you. 
   Lockhart wanted to continue, but Dumbledore showed his rare assertiveness.
   
   
Chapter 47   
   
   He talked about other things:    Your club has not held an event for a long time. If you have the opportunity, you can hold two more events. I think the political club has a good idea, but it must be separated from the duel club.
   If Dumbledore refused directly, maybe Lockhart would argue a few more words, but now Dumbledore will not talk to you about this at all, which is tougher than directly refusingAlthough Dumbledore's attitude was firm, Lockhart was not a person who would be afraid when he hit a wall, so he was still fighting with reason.But it's a pity that the elderly not only have experience, but also often far exceed the young people in their stubbornness, so Lockhart still failed.
   I'm glad you can take the initiative to care about Harry and the others. But this is not your current task. The fifth and seventh grade exams are getting closer. I hope you pay more attention to it... I heard that your class The first round of review has already started? That’s great, no matter how the media criticizes your ability, students’ test scores cannot be faked. The better your grades, the more secure you will be in the Ministry of Magic.”He was all right, and Lockhart had absolutely nothing to refute.After entering the 93 school year, the fifth-grade wizard qualification exam and the seventh-grade final exam are getting closer. As a teacher, the most important thing he should worry about is teaching.
   Oh, by the way, Professor Kettleburn submitted another resignation application to me yesterday... Don't do this, I don't want to blame you, and his resignation has nothing to do with you.
   Seeing that Lockhart was a little surprised, even a little guilty, Dumbledore added.
   ...He has been wanting to resign for a long time. He said he wanted to go home to spend time with his grandson, but I haven't been able to find a suitable candidate. Do you have anyone you can recommend9
   ■Lockhart did not hesitate:    Rubeus Hagrid, he is the most suitable, whether it is the time spent at Hogwarts or the love for magical creatures, no one in Hogwarts should be able to surpass him. Wait until Once the Chamber of Secrets issue is resolved, he can have his reputation restored.
   Dumbledore seemed to have the answer he wanted.
   Since even you think so, let him try.
    It was as if he was letting Hagrid try for Lockhart's sake.While Dumbledore kept Lockhart focused on teaching so he wouldn't get himself into trouble, he did remind Lockhart of his own priorities.When many people in the Ministry of Magic did not like or were not optimistic about Lockhart's entry, whether Lockhart can obtain a corresponding position in the Ministry of Magic depends largely on whether he can maintain himself as an expert in education
    and The aura of 
   Defense Against the Dark Arts Master
   .The latter is easy to say, but the former is an important manifestation of his work ability, and the key to reflect this indicator is the results of these students in the wizard exam.Lockhart forced himself not to think about the three saviors, and concentrated on his teaching work.He let out the wind to the students in grades one to four and six early, saying that this year's final exam will be a 
   practical exam
    and they will use all the content they have learned in class.Although the students were very interested in Lockhart's exam and tried their best to find out, Lockhart kept his mouth shut.As long as you can proficiently apply the content you have learned this semester, it will be very easy to pass the exam.On the contrary, any of your lazy behavior will make you pay the price in the exam, because the exam is all-round. 
   He said.Chapter 98 Magic ChecklistRestricted by his status as a professor, Lockhart has been in the same pain as his students since January.That is to review and prepare for the exam.It was only when it was time for review that he realized how big a hole his Defense Against the Dark Arts teacher had dug for him a few years ago.As the saying goes, 
   the ground is shaken by a weak foundation
   , if the knowledge system of these students is compared to a house, then after several years of teaching by unreliable professors, it will be described as 
   full of holes
   . These students' defense against the dark arts are a compliment.Because it's full of holes, it's just that there are many holes in the whole, and at least the skeleton is still there, but the Defense Against the Dark Arts skills of these Hogwarts students are simply at the level of throwing a few bricks into an open space.No wonder after Voldemort returned, the armor of the Weasley Brothers Wheezes could be sold to the Ministry of Magic.That's probably why the Weasley twins said at the time that many employees of the Ministry of Magic 
   couldn't even cast a proper Iron Armor Charm
   .After Voldemort's first defeat, the wizarding world can be said to have been at peace for a long time, so the newly born little wizards have no sense of urgency to learn Defense Against the Dark Arts. In addition, the professors are unreliable, so it is difficult to learn it like this. It is inevitable.
   You must never do this in the future!
   In the class of the lower grades, Lockhart taught those little wizards earnestly and earnestly:    From a lofty building to a flat ground, all your achievements in the future often come from your current foundation, figure out your position early, and then It is better to practice the magic you are good at in a targeted manner and find suitable teammates... It is better than crammingThe little wizards felt very puzzled:    But Professor, we don't have to go outside to deal with female ghosts, werewolves and vampires like you do?
   Lockhart got stuck—asking young wizards to spend time on Defense Against the Dark Arts before Voldemort returns is like telling 21st-century Americans that they should dig nuclear bunkers to prevent the Soviet Union from going crazy. Just have fun, don't take it too seriously.
   You all think this is unnecessary?
    he asked the students.Although the student who was asked hesitated, he still nodded.
   Okay, then let's read and study, and prepare for the exam.
    Lockhart made a very happy look, 
   Now, please turn to page 130 of 
   Practical Defense Magic and Its Restraint against Black Magic
   ... 
   There was a loud booing from among the students—they were booing the guy who just nodded.No recommendation, professor, we feel that this is a subject that requires actual combat, and simply reading books may not be of much help. 
   
   As you said, only spells that can still be cast in confrontation are learned spells.
   
   If we haven't seen Grindig, how can we be sure we can deal with it?
   You say what you say, anyway, what they mean is that the teaching method is very good now, and everyone doesn't want to read books.They have also heard a little about the current 
   tragedies
    of the students in the fifth and seventh grades. Those people are studying from morning to night every day.Even for the most practical Defense Against the Dark Arts, they were overwhelmed by Lockhart's intensive review method of 
   smoothing the knowledge framework + two rounds of general review
    on the Muggle side.Although he knew that sooner or later he would have to go through such a experience, but no one wanted to taste it right away.Fortunately, Lockhart hadn't planned to do so.
   Okay, then let's continue to practice magic... After a semester of study, I have a general understanding of your talents. I made a list for each student during the Christmas holiday. Analysis of tactical positioning and suggestions for the magic you will learn in the future, anyone whose name I can read please come up and get the list...Miss Hannah Aibo!
   
   To!
   Like everyone else, Harry and the others also got their own analysis form
   Battlefield... Assassin?
   Harry stared at his list, and whispered each word, 
   
   Excellent reflexes and skills make you the first person to react when the team encounters an emergency.You must learn to cut into the enemy's formation at the right time, attack the weakest link in the enemy's formation, and clear the obstacles for your teammates...
   ^What about magic?There should also be suggested spells to learn below. ' Hermione remindedHarry continued to look down: You should learn as many evil spells that can be used quickly and have quick effects as much as possible while maintaining your agility, so that you can sneak attack on the enemy. Curse, Disarming Curse, Binding Curse, Silencing Curse, Armor Curse, Flying Curse, Patronus Curse... oh my god, there are so many.    
   But it's all fitting, isn't it? And you now know what to study in the future,
    said Hermione.In Lockhart's comment to her, he wrote:    You are full of wit, wide vision, always able to use the most suitable magic at the right time, and you are born to be the brain of the team.Although I believe that you can learn any magic, for efficiency, I suggest that you learn some magic that can keep you calm first, and then focus on learning to have controlA spell that suppresses effects.Suggested magic—mass protection, group restraint, stun spell, blindness spell, confusion spell, screaming spell, freezing spell, fear tool field...
   And Ron's evaluation was also not low. Lockhart gave him the status of a long-range turret, so he also lost a lot of magic such as fire spells, freezing spells, and weather spells.Even for Neville Longbottom, Lockhart has developed a suitable development direction for him - that is the meat shield.Although Neville's reaction was a bit slow, his strong will, strong physique and trust in his companions could definitely allow him to go further on the road of tanking.And Neville himself seemed a little confused, because he didn't know how armor charms, mass protection, polarized shock absorption, magic weapons, shield summoning, and plant manipulation spells would make him a great Auror.The one who was more confused than him was Seamus Finnigan.
   Flying sand and rocks, thunderbolt explosion, house collapse and ground sinking, blasting out, blazing flames, falling apart...
   He whispered his own 
   Suggested Magic List
   , feeling that he was being discriminated against by the professor.
   It doesn't matter if you don't understand, you can gradually experience it in practice in the future.
    Lockhart said to them kindly.Except for the students in the first grade who have not yet been finalized, he has given such suggestions to the students in the other grades.Although the workload is a bit heavy, but fortunately there are not many students in Hogwarts, so he can still handle it.Even if this thing can save a few people from dying in the future Battle of Hogwarts, then his work is worth it.Chapter 99 Taxation X Final ExamIn order to better prepare for the final exam, Lockhart ordered a batch of magic seeds from the import store in Diagon Alley, which he planned to use as a plant wall for the maze.When the owl brought the bill, Lockhart suddenly felt that he could understand the meaning of 
   Knockturn Alley
    very well.Because such a formal import and export, the Ministry of Magic needs to file for it and collect taxes from it.And the Ministry of Magic's customs tax was too high. After the seeds that Lockhart ordered from the Netherlands arrived, the price doubled.After all, there are only about 1 wizards in the UK. It is really difficult to support hundreds of employees of the Ministry of Magic. If the tax is not high, many employees will go hungry.Like Arthur Weasley, although the 
   Department for the Prevention of Misuse of Muggle Substances
    is a cold yamen, it is still a director anyway, with the power to make laws, but life is still tight.And what’s even worse—Newt Scamander worked in the Ministry of Magic for the first two years of his Hufflepuff education, when Newt’s salary in the Ministry of Magic was only 2 Sickles a week Well, let alone enough money for him to support so many magical creatures, even it is very difficult to support himself.That's why Newt accepted the commission of Obscure Book Company to write a textbook on magical creatures. If it weren't for the income this textbook brought him, he might still be living in poverty.According to Lockhart's knowledge, many employees of the Ministry of Magic have side jobs, or their family members make money outside, and they fight for a little policy for their family's business within the Ministry of MagicIn this case, the Ministry of Magic is not infiltrated by a rich family like Malfoy.And it's strange.Even if some people are strong enough not to bend their waists for five Sickles, they may have to bow their heads when they see their wives and children starving.The main reason why a black market like Knockturn Alley can exist is probably not because of the sale of black magic items, but because it can avoid taxes from the Ministry of Magic.Lockhart promised the principal to ban Knockturn Alley, but it might not be so easy to fulfill.Mundungus of the Order of the Phoenix is ​​a typical example. The kind of second-hand dealers who come from petty thieves are able to eat because of the business provided to them by customers like Weasley's Wheezes.Although Fred and George are rich, they are unwilling to throw money to the Ministry of Magic for no reason.That's why Mundungus was particularly nervous when he heard Harry say that Moody might be looking at this side, and immediately sold the things.The more wizards are unwilling to pay taxes, the more prosperous the black market is; and the more prosperous the black market is, the less taxes the Ministry of Magic has; the less taxes they have, they have to continue to increase the tax rate; the higher the tax rate, the more wizards are unwilling to pay. Taxes...it's a total vicious cycle.But the Ministry of Magic cannot reduce its employees because of this.Because of the existence of the 
   Wizard Secrecy Act
   , they have to support a large number of amnestics; in order to maintain law and order, they also have to pay Aurors high salaries, otherwise no one will work hard if they have no money; in addition, they can't be left behind even when contacting foreign wizards For the face of the Great Empire, diplomatic reception is another expense.Fortunately, there is still some income from protecting magical creatures, and the parts of magical creatures can be sold for some money, otherwise the Ministry of Magic will really have to eat dirt.This time Lockhart bought the seeds through official channels, so he had to hand over half of the money to the Ministry of Magic.He stuffed the bill into his own box, planning to save it for later discussion, and he took the seeds next to the school's vegetable field.
   Hi, Hagrid!
    he called to the school gamekeeper.Since Hagrid wasn't a student, he couldn't be paid to referee the Dueling Club, like any other professor, because it would be too insulting.So Lockhart could only do roundabout things, such as sending some wine every now and then, and sending some durable goods from the Muggle world and Diagon Alley to Hagrid.He never asked him to do things when he gave gifts, but he never gave gifts when he did things-it was a hypocrisy, but it was the way grown-ups did things.Lockhart opened the large package in his hand, and reached out to grab a small handful of seeds:    Look at this, the traveling golden-leaf privet imported from the United States will move every year after growing up, and I want to use them to make hedgerows Hey, create a magic maze... What do you think?
   Hagrid seemed interested:    Plant fence? No problem, but what are you going to do with it°
   
   I'm going to use it for my final exam,
    Lockhart explained simply.
   Exams? That's a big deal.
    Hagrid laughed. 
   Leave it to me. It should be May when the privet flowers bloom, just in time for your exams.
   
   Thanks, Hagrid.
   
   Thank you, it's a matter of duty.
   As a hunting ground guard, apart from watching the students to prevent them from entering the Forbidden Forest, Hagrid's biggest job is to watch the vegetable garden and hunt for Hogwarts.Because food cannot be transformed by magic, wizards still need to farm and eat vegetablesIt's like pumpkins for Halloween and the pumpkin juice that is a must for meals. Although Hagrid can use the expansion spell to make the pumpkins in the vegetable garden bigger, the nutrition of individual pumpkins is still the same as that of ordinary pumpkins with dragon manure.Magic power itself cannot be regarded as food, at most it can deceive one's sense of taste, and it will disappear after a while, just like the leprechaun's gold coins.However, magic can be used to stimulate plants and speed up their growth period, but the fertility of the land must keep up.Fortunately, the wizards have dragon dung—the fertility provided by dragon dung is far superior to that of ordinary manure, but it is precisely because the fertilizer is too thick that ordinary plants will be 
   burned
    if you are not careful, so experienced farmers are also needed. Grasp the measure.As a half-blood wizard who lived over 60 years old, Hagrid happened to have experience in this area. If he and Professor Sprout were unwilling to help, Lockhart might not be able to find a suitable person.After Hagrid accepted the seeds, the two exchanged pleasantries for a while.
   How are you doing, Hagrid?
    Lockhart initiated the topic.Hagrid's eyes dodged a little:    It's still the same, what's the difference?Lockhart's original intention was to ask whether Hagrid had been troubled by the Ministry of Magic after the Chamber of Secrets attack.After all, he was the 
   murderer
    who opened the secret room last time. If the same thing happened this time, it is impossible for the Ministry of Magic not to suspect him.But judging by Hagrid's current attitude, he didn't intend to answer.So he changed the subject:    The principal told me that Professor Kettleburn has offered to resign... Do you have any ideas?
   Chapter 100 Tom, you stole Floo powderIn the afternoon, Hagrid pushed open the door of his cabin, feeling as sunny as the snowy sky outside.Of course he is happy that his future is promising.Fifty years ago, he was framed by Voldemort as the murderer who opened the Chamber of Secrets, and was ordered to drop out of school and hand over his wand.If it weren't for Dumbledore's efforts to protect him, he might have disappeared into this world as a 
   heterogeneous
    not long after he lost his father.Even if he survived, he might have to commit crimes.However, under Dumbledore's arrangement, he became the hunting ground guard at Hogwarts and worked here for decades.Although life is a bit embarrassing, at least he has no worries about food and clothing, and he can often go to the forbidden forest and have intimate contact with his favorite big guys. He is very satisfied with this kind of life.Thanks to Dumbledore.He often thinks so.
   
   
Chapter 48   
   
   Anyway, since then, the half-blood giant has become a die-hard supporter of Dumbledore. He belongs to the type that even if he hears someone say something bad about Dumbledore, he will retaliate with his old fist.People from the Snake Court have some criticisms about this, often ridiculing him in private as 
   Dumbledore raised a fierce dog with a small amount of money
   .Of course, they only dared to say this secretly.After working peacefully for decades, the unforgettable pain has gradually smoothed over time.And Lockhart also conveyed to him the meaning of the principal, saying that no matter what happened, he should let it go after 50 years, and asked him if he would like to be a professor of the protection of magical creatures.It's hard to describe Hagrid's mood at that time—when a person has lived in a dazeAfter ten years, when I finally see the first ray of light in life, I am afraid that anyone's feeling is that joy is mixed with confusion and bewilderment.But he hadn't forgotten about the Chamber of Secrets, and people with 
   records
    couldn't hold public office.Because Hogwarts does not have to pay tuition fees, most of the school’s running funds come from the Ministry of Magic’s appropriation, so Hogwarts professors are also public positions in a sense and need to be reviewed.But Lockhart told him that the matter of the Chamber of Secrets would soon be found out, and his reputation tarnished by Voldemort could be restored.
   Based on what I know about the Ministry of Magic, they must not be willing to bring up the unjust, false and wrongly convicted case back then. As long as you are willing not to pursue this matter during the referral, you can get more than restoring your reputation.
   To be honest, Hagrid was really moved.In the end, although he told Lockhart that he had to think about it before replying to Dumbledore, Lockhart could see that he couldn't waver for long.Hagrid seemed to have seen the nightmare go away, and a golden road appeared in front of him.He tried not to think about it, and pretended that he hadn't heard anything, and continued to act as if nothing had happened.But that afternoon, Harry Potter and his two little friends rushed over and asked him if he knew a guy named Tom Riddle.——Nonsense, even if you turn into ashes, you still know that bastard!
   If we didn't already know that the monster in the Chamber of Secrets is a basilisk, we might really have thought it was you who opened the Chamber of Secrets.
    Harry didn't notice Hagrid's expression, and said unconsciously, 
   But we know now, That Tom Riddle must have made a mistake too...
   he?Made a mistake?hum...
   Hagrid slammed the cup on the small wooden table, and a crack appeared in the clay cup sintered with red clay, and the tea seeped out from the bottom of the cup.Hermione reacted quickly:    It's back to normal! Clean it up!
   
   Thanks, Hermione...I couldn't help it just now. That guy...he didn't make a mistake, it was a frame!
    Hagrid looked angrily, 
   I just kept an acromantula!
   Ron trembled:    I think... this one is not much better than the Basilisk, really...
   Harry originally thought that Tom Riddle had hurriedly found a suspect in order not to go back to the orphanage, but now hearing what Hagrid said, there seemed to be something else behind this matter.
   Why did Tom Riddle frame you?
    Harry asked curiously.
   Who knows.
    Hagrid replied in a muffled voice. 
   Anyway, he never explained why when he killed people and committed terrorist activities later...he's just bad.
   
   He still kills?
    Harry was startled, 
   Tom Riddle—is he a bad guy? 
   This time it turned into Hagrid who was surprised:    He killed your parents, hahaprofit! 
   Harry:? ! !Only then did the two realize that they had made a big oolong with each other at the same time.Harry was surprised that Hagrid hadn't figured out who was behind the scenes for 50 years, and Hagrid was surprised that Harry and the three of them didn't even know that Tom Riddle was Voldemort.So he told Harry about it.Including who Tom Riddle is and what he did when he was in school.After listening to Hagrid's narration, if anger can ignite paper, then Harry's current level of anger is comparable to that of Fierce Fire.He took the diary out of his knapsack on the spot and threw it into the fireplace in Hagrid's room.The 15-year-old Voldemort actually wanted to use the magic of the diary to mislead him, making him think that the person who opened the Chamber of Secrets was Hagrid. If it wasn't for him... well, if it wasn't for Hermione who had already guessed that the monster in the Chamber of Secrets was a basilisk, he might have believed it .It's a pity that not only was the diary not burned by the flames in the fireplace, but a large stream of foul-smelling ink spewed out from the pages of the book, dousing the flames around the book.   Get it out, let's go find Dumbledore!
    Hermione called to Harry.
   Let me do it! It's better not to touch such a dangerous thing with your hands.
    Hagrid yelled and brought the poker, and stretched it through the few remaining flames of the fireplace, trying to put the diary Ben clamped.But maybe the act of burning just now stimulated the diary, maybe the word 
   Dumbledore
    awakened some kind of protective magic in the diary.In short, when Hagrid's poker was stretched out, the diary immediately sprayed out a jet of dark green ink, melting the front end of the poker into a strange-looking mass.Not only that, just after Hagrid retracted the tongs in surprise, the ink sprayed out of the diary just now was dried by the flames and turned into a pile of bright green powder.The diary seemed to be spiritual, and quickly flipped its pages, blowing the powder into the flames of the fireplace.
   Gryffindor common room!
    A voice suddenly came from the diaryThat voice was very familiar to Harry - it was that voice, the one who had taken him 
   swimming
    a memory in that diary last night.So when it disappeared into Hagrid's fireplace sprayed with Floo powder, Harry momentarilyHalf a meeting has not responded yet.By the time he realized what had happened, it was too late.
   It's back in Gryffindor!
   Harry rushed to the fireplace, looked at the flames that were almost extinguished, and chasedMoji:    Hagrid! Do you still have floo powder here? We have to go back quickly.
   But Hagrid was also dumbfounded:    Floo powder? I never prepare that kind of thing here.
   why?!
   
   Because there are not many fireplaces in the world that I can get into.
    Hagrid scratched his head, 
   The Floo cable of this fireplace is left by the previous hunting ground guard. If it wasn't for it, I would have replaced it a long time ago. Live in a bigger wooden house.
   
   Oops!
    The three governors were about to fail.-------------Chapter Dividing Line---------------Because he hasn't learned any flying spells yet, and Harry hasn't learned the Flying Curse at this time, he can summon his Nimbus 2000, so if the three of them want to return to the castle, they still have to run.When they climbed up the mountain from the hunting ground on the edge of the Forbidden Forest, entered the castle through the viaduct, and climbed several floors to return to the Gryffindor common room, the scene they least wanted to see happened.The Gryffindor students gathered around the door of the lounge in panic, arguing about the line next to the door.——
   Her bones will remain in the Chamber of Secrets forever.
   The three of them knew without asking, who the 
   she
    was here.Harry hates himself so much now, if he didn't throw the diary into the fireplace, but took it directly to Dumbledore, I'm afraid there wouldn't be so much troubleIf Hagrid hadn't told himself who Tom Riddle was, he might have thought he was a responsible prefect, and the accusation on Hagrid was only because of a misunderstanding, or because he really didn't want to go back to the Muggle orphanage.Because of anger, he did radical things, and the consequence of doing radical things is that the consequences will become unpredictable. This lesson is enough for Harry to remember for a long timeBut he obviously didn't have any time to reflect on it now, because the matter of rescuing Ginny was urgent.
   Let's go!
    He gritted his teeth and said to his two companions, 
   Go to the bathroom, we have to rescue Ginny.
   Ron immediately agreed, but Hermione held them back.how? 
   Harry thought he was going to talk himself out of it and let the professors deal with it.But Hermione shook her head solemnly:    I'm not saying we shouldn't go, but we should be prepared before we go. You're completely stunned by anger, and if you go on rashly, you'll only get caught in the mystery.
    Human trap.
   
   Trap? I want to see what's waiting for us!
    Ron's condition was not much better than Harry's at this time.Hermione had to calm down his two little friends:    But don't forget, what we are going to face is the mysterious man when he was a student, and there is a basilisk beside him now, no matter which one we can't Easy to deal with, and now they're combined... get it?
   
   If there is no way to deal with it, we have to deal with it.
    Harry has obviously gotten into a dead end.
   Yeah, of course we're going to beat them. But we're just three sophomores, it's a fact, we have to measure ourselves before we fight...Hermione affirmed Harry's statement at first, so that the two of them would not be anxious, but then began to state her own opinion.Io even if Harry and I can occasionally beat a third year or two in the dueling ring, or even a fourth year, we've never won against a sixth year, and the one who can't even be named... his The level is not as high as that of sixth graders, you know. 
   This simple comparison was very convincing. Harry and Ron suddenly became sober, but at the same time they began to panic.
   Then what should we do?
    Ron muttered to himself, 
   But, she is also a victim now, is it too late for us to tell Dumbledore the location of the Chamber of Secrets and how to open it?
   
   In that case, we will be expelled immediately.
    Harry thought of something:   Hiding the important information about the clues in the chamber of secrets from the school for so long, and covering up for Ginny... No matter what lies we make up, it's useless.
   Thinking of this, Harry had already made up his mind.Even if he died, he didn't want to be expelled from Hogwarts.Because that would mean he'd have to go back to number four, Privet Drive, live with the Dursleys, maybe wear Dudley's old school uniform, go to Stonewall, make up two years of junior high, and be— A group of students who are younger than him laugh at...
   I'm going to take the Christmas present that Lockhart gave us so we don't have to look the basilisk in the eye... I'll deal with the snake then. You two go deal with Tom Riddle together, Hermione with That umbrella defense, Ron, you use that lens to check his weaknesses...
   
   Oh, my God...
    Ron showed an expression of disbelief.Harry thought he was scared:    Don't worry too much. Didn't Fred and George often beat sixth graders on the dueling ring? Anyway, it's just a magical memory he left in his diary. It shouldn't be too strong, and the magic power used should also belong to Ginny, so we won't even be able to win against Ginny, right?
   
   No, I'm talking about you.
    Ron shook his head, 
   It's too dangerous for you to deal with the basilisk by yourself. It's a thousand-year-old basilisk.
   
   What are you afraid of, I'm a Parseltongue,
    said Harry. 
   Okay, I'm going to get my Invisibility Cloak, and that 'Third Eye'…
   Hermione seemed to disagree with the first half of Harry's sentence, but she said nothing.After Lockhart modified her memory, in order to make up for the gap of more than an hour, he compiled a set of false memories for her 
   to ask the essentials of casting the shining pattern
   .Although the memory is false, it is true that Hermione learned the magic of the shining pattern.She now knows that the natural enemy of the basilisk is a rooster, and has learned to shine patterns, and secretly packed a strong-smelling snake repellent and a pile of bezoar for detoxification in her small bag.Although the bezoar was useless against the basilisk's poison, she was much more prepared.However, what Miss Know-It-All regrets the most is that she didn't bring a little Floo powder with her, but starting today, this will also become one of the things she must bring in her small bag.During the operation of the three saviors, Dumbledore watched their every move through the crystal ball until they entered Myrtle's bathroom, and he breathed a sigh of relief.
   Fox, send the sorting hat over, every Gryffindor should be able to draw that sword.
    He ordered to the Phoenix beside him.Unlike being kicked out of the school in the original book, Dumbledore is still safely serving as his headmaster at this time.
    Even if the school managers have been linked together under Malfoy's secret arrangement, it's the sameFox grabbed the sorting hat, left a phoenix cry, and then disappeared with a flash of fire.After sending off his phoenix, Dumbledore turned to the man in front of him again. 
   Gidero... As you said, Mr. Potter is the one who decides the big things, and Miss Granger is the one who makes the most of the brains, and the sixth child of the Weasley family is the bond between them.
   
   It's not hard to guess.
    Lockhart shrugged.
   What do you think of this model?
   
   It can only be said that it is in line with some people's values, principal.
    Lockhart said with a smirk, 
   Under the leadership of a leader with positive energy, a strategist who can be considered exhaustive and a loyal knight assistant He ascended the throne ... what a legend.
   Lockhart's words were stinging, and Dumbledore of course heard it.Because he's not just talking about the combination of Harry + Hermione + Ron, he's talking about Gryffindor (the brave and charismatic king), Ravenclaw (the wise strategist) and Hedge Patch (a tough and loyal knight), this combination is what Dumbledore really wants to see.Many people easily overlook the important role of Ron Weasley in the Iron Triangle, but even those who are selectively blind must admit that the Weasley family is indeed of great significance to Harry.In a sense, the reason why Harry was able to grow up in such an environment without being blackened, apart from the friendliness of Hagrid and some Lion wizards, the Weasley family is the most important reason, not one of them.They offer unselfish friendship, family, and even love to the Savior.In the war against Voldemort, the Wesley family can be said to have put the whole family on Harry Potter's side, and paid a heavy price.If there was a profit distribution after the war, the Weasley family would undoubtedly be the biggest winner, but no one with a normal mind would make irresponsible remarks about this winner, because the Weasley family also sacrificed the most.What is even more admirable is that their contributions are not even utilitarian.Lockhart asked himself, he couldn't make the same sacrifice as the Weasleys, so he could only put himself in an important but secondary position, and use every opportunity to do things for Dumbledore.The more you give, the more you will gain, he still understands this simple truth.
   So... are you going to follow?
    Dumbledore asked Lockhart.
   I'm the Defense Against the Dark Arts professor at the school,
    said Lockhart.-------------Chapter Dividing Line---------------Although Lockhart was going to follow, he wasn't too nervous.It may be that after repelling Voldemort with ease the previous time, he vaguely felt that the enemy is not so difficult to deal with, or it may be that the arrival of the ordered goods gave him confidence, or it was 
   originally
    Harry's surprise The dangerous journey gave him confidence, and in short, he didn't think anything would go wrong.With anti-magic lenses, protective clothing, new weapons and the constant concern of the principal, Lockhart does not think that the three saviors will be in danger, nor does he.It was precisely because of his reassurance that Lockhart did some unnecessary things.Lockhart came to Myrtle's bathroom and sighed as he looked at the hole exposed by the parting sink.He wasn't afraid, but felt that if he slid down the dirty pipe, his clothes might get dirty.This bathroom was still in use at least 50 years ago, God knows what used to flow through this pipe.Mang Fangshui is moisture-proof! 
   He first cast a spell on himself, and then began to greet the side.
   Myrtle? Can you help me down?
   A transparent head popped out of the bathroom cubicle.
   
   
Chapter 49   
   
   
   Who are you? Do we know each other?
    Ghost Myrtle came out of her cubicle, stared at Lockhart and looked up and down:    Recently, many people I don't know have come to Hogwarts, but You are obviously not a student at your age, Professor?
   Because the professor also has part of the authority of the castle, Myrtle dare not make trouble in front of the professor.
   Yes, I'm the new Defense Against the Dark Arts professor, and I had a fewThe students went down here, didn't they?Originally, Myrtle seemed a little timid, but when she heard that he was the professor of Defense Against the Dark Arts, she suddenly became energetic.
   Professor Defense Against the Dark Arts, huh? What a surprise! If you're going to die later, please don't go too fast, okay? I mean, there's nothing wrong with being a ghost, and the bathroom is pretty spacious .”This line should be reserved for Harry Potter, right?You fickle woman, myrtle!
   If you are willing to help me go down, I will seriously consider it.
    Lockhart was noncommittal, 
   But now I am planning to avenge you and kill the monster below, so I don't plan to die.
   Myrtle was obviously taken aback:    So you know!
   
   You are not the only one who knows but refuses to tell.
    Lockhart said while putting on his rubber boots.
   Then you are looking for your own death...or can you hide secretly and collect the corpses for your students?
   
   Can't you just say something nice? To help, or not to help?
    Lockhart lost his patience.If you keep your gloves, I'll help you. 
    Myrtle made a condition.Lockhart thought for a while - if this luxurious robe on his body was stained with a pile of excrement and urine mud, the derogatory value would be far more than a pair of gloves, so he agreed.Myrtle did what she said, and immediately after receiving the reward, she used her ability as a necromancer to help Lockhart float down from the entrance of the cave.The secret room tunnel is very long. In the original book, Harry and Ron arrived at the secret room passage after skating for a long time.But with the help of the undead, Lockhart almost jumped out of the cave as soon as he entered the cave.The other end popped out, and the speed was definitely faster than the Phoenix.Of course, it would be better without the biting cold temperature.After landing, Lockhart was pleased to find that his decision to change into a pair of galoshes was the right one.Because the passage in front of the secret room is not only full of water and mud, but also filled with a disgusting stench.The dim light of the fire shone on the ground, revealing the skeletons of small creatures such as mice and lizards.I didn't expect this basilisk to be quite particular. After eating a mouse, it would spit out the bones instead of digesting them directly.
   Excellent invisibility!
   Lockhart cast an invisibility spell on himself, and then walked forward quickly, towards the entrance of the secret room - where the sound of fighting had already been heard.Contrary to Lockhart's expectations, the battle in the chamber of secrets was not as one-sided as he had imaginedUnder the fear of being wiped out, Tom Riddle's soul exploded with extraordinary strength, and it was not the basilisk that Lockhart had imagined that was crushed and beaten, but the three saviors.
   What's the matter? What about the look just now? Who was brazen and said that he wanted to destroy me?
   Tom Riddle roared, pouring the spell on the three saviors, and it looked like an explosion had happened in the secret room, and the upturned stones were screaming everywhereAEThese upturned rocks can be said to have saved Harry and the three of them-they are now hiding behind the rocks, pinned down by the 16-year-old Voldemort, unable to even lift their heads.Harry Potter was lying on the ground in embarrassment, his eyes were closed tightly, and blood was bleeding from his foreheadWith his third eye, he became the only one on the scene who dared to check Voldemort's situation.The man on the other side, and waved his wand in an attempt to fight back.
   Disarm you!
    he yelled.Hearing Harry's move, Ron also stretched out his wand from behind another rock, pointing at a general range:    Flying sand and rocks!
   And Hermione's is a little more advanced:    Immbulus!She knew that the basilisk was a cold-blooded animal, and the cold weather would make it duller.Although they were pressed and beaten, the long-term training allowed them to learn to form a cross-fire force and attack their enemies separately.However, before these red spells could get close to Voldemort, they were bounced off by a turquoise figure.The thousand-year-old basilisk curled up and slowly moved around Tom Riddle, helping him to block all the shady little curses of the saviors.The phoenix above the Chamber of Secrets screamed, as if it wanted to pounce on the basilisk, but every time it wanted to pounce, it would be forced back by Voldemort's spell, and it never found a chanceSeeing this situation, Lockhart was a little taken aback at first, but then he reacted.Voldemort in the original book is undoubtedly too big. When he saw that Harry had lost his wand and came alone, he tried to talk to him with teasing and curiosity, but he still failed to kill him. In the end, he got rid of it and was caught. Harry took the opportunity to use the basilisk's fangs to pierce the diary.But the current Voldemort is full of firepower. Even if he is only 16 years old in the fifth grade and is not proficient in so many black arts, it is not something Harry and the others can compete with now.Lockhart also noticed that even though Harry had the Gryffindor sword in his hand, he had no chance of getting close to the basilisk or Voldemort at all, so he could only continueContinue to hide behind the stone.Ron wore the vision lens that Lockhart gave him, and his heart became more and more anxious.Because he could see that the outline of Tom Riddle's body was getting brighter, while his sister's side was getting darker and darker, which was obviously not a good sign.But it's useless to worry about some things. With Voldemort's current level of attack and defense, as long as he doesn't release water, the three little wizards won't be able to attack at all.This can be a little tricky.-------------Chapter Dividing Line---------------As the situation gradually developed in a direction favorable to Voldemort, Voldemort began to float again.
   Come out, bugs! Where's your justice?
   The reason why Voldemort can be arrogant naturally has his reasons. I saw that he shook his hand casually, and three magic spells flew out from the tip of his wand. This kind of multiple spellcasting skills is difficult even for Lockhart now.After realizing that the counterattacks of the three little wizards were weak, he even had enough energy to use the Transfiguration technique, turning the gravel on the ground into little snakes, and let them harass Harry and the others.Hermione J was the only one who was proficient in Transfiguration, so she had to devote a lot of energy to dealing with Riddle's Transfiguration, and there was one less person who could participate in the siege.For the first time, Harry and Ron hated that they had spent too little effort in the transformation class. Their current level could not even turn fur slippers into white rabbits.If it weren't for the fact that Ginny's magic power was too weak, Tom Riddle's advantage would definitely not be as small as it is now.
   It can't go on like this!
    Harry leaned over and shouted to the two little friends,
   we must…
   
   Quiet!
    Hermione's voice suddenly sounded in his heart, 
   Even if you have something to say, don't say it.
   Harry couldn't care less about wondering when Hermione learned the Sound Transmission Charm, and now he had to come up with countermeasures as soon as possible.
   You and Ron attract his attention. I'm going to put on the invisibility cloak my father left me, approach the snake with that sword, and kill it! As long as the snake is around, I willThey have no way to attack Voldemort! 
   While talking, Harry took out the invisibility cloak from his bulging clothes, apparently planning to put it on directly.
   What?
    Hermione was taken aback. 
   Wait, do we need to plan again...
   
   No time to plan, just do it!
   Harry made a decisive decision and put the cloak that was the only one among the Deathly Hallows that helped the original owner avoid death on his body, and he disappeared from the sight of the other two.Ron reacted faster than Hermione. Immediately after Harry became invisible, he stretched out his wand and pointed in Voldemort's direction.
   Arrows never fail!
   Following this incantation, four or five feathered arrows shot out from the tip of his staff.It's a pity that these feathered arrows were not very accurate. Except for one arrow that almost hit the basilisk's eye, the rest were not even within three meters of the target.
   The Arrow Curse?
    Hermione was a little surprised.Ron grudgingly agreed - he didn't like the spell very much.Hermione knew why—she had seen it in 
   The Origin of Quidditch
    before. There was a team called 
   Abobby Arrows
    in the professional Quidditch team. Whenever the team's Chaser scored, Their supporters would cast arrows into the air with spells.But Ron is a supporter of the Chudley Cannons, and the Chudley Cannons can be said to have gone from bad to worse in recent years. It is normal for him not to like to use the spell of one of his sworn enemies, because every time he hears this spell, it means The Arrows scored another [-] points at home to the Cannons.Although he doesn't like it, Ron also knows that now is not the time to get angry, nowThe team needs remote output, and he can only use this kind of magic weapon that consumes less mana but can be used as much as possible.A spell that threatens basilisks.And Hermione, as the only one in the team who didn't desert in the Transfiguration class, she must shoulder the responsibility of Transfiguration to fight against.She opened the magic umbrella to cover herself, and then concentrated on performing the transformation technique.
   The appearance has changed drastically!
   Under the Transformation Curse, the cold stones turned into little mongooses, and they rushed towards the snake that touched them.Ron was in charge of the long-range attack, Hermione controlled the field, and a hidden battlefield assassin groped the enemy's back—the scene Lockhart most hoped to see finally appeared.Unfortunately, there are still flaws.As one of the Hallows that had deceived Deathly Hallows, Peverell's Invisibility Cloak was still effective, and Voldemort failed to see through it.But no matter how careful Harry was, he couldn't completely cover up the sound of his walking.That's why he needs others to cover for himIt would be nice to cast another Silencer Charm.Lockhart thought.But it's not a big problem, let's not say that Voldemort's attention is on the battle, that is, the basilisk, because it hasn't shed its skin yet, its hearing and vision are in the worst state, so it can't hear the sound of Harry approaching .Although Lockhart didn't know where Harry was, it didn't prevent him from continuing to watch the battle.Seeing the mongoose conjured by Hermione, the basilisk became a little restless. It stared at the mongoose conjured by Hermione, ready to move, and let out a threatening roar.Voldemort naturally observed this phenomenon, but as a snake of the same kind, he knew that this was the snake's instinctive reaction when it saw a natural enemy, as if he couldn't control the snake that day and let it attack Filch by instinct like cats.
   Calm down, that little thing can't hurt you!
    He had to remind in Parseltongue. 
   I know! But I can't see! I can't hear!
    replied the basilisk irritably.
   what?
   Tom Riddle didn't react for a while, thinking that the basilisk's shed skin had finally thickened to the point where it could not be tolerated.
   Persist for a while longer, when it's over, you can use the pile of tongue stones in front of you to shed your skin.
    He hurriedly ordered, 
   Use your nose to smell!
   But then he realized something was wrong - because he felt the breath of magic from the basilisk's head.Above the secret room, a pattern of crescent moon mixed with mysterious runes shone there, which was truly beautiful.But no matter who looks at it, there will be a kind of fear in the heart.
   Ancient runes? No, it's a spell!
    He raised Ginny's wand, 
   Confusion Dispelled!
   It's too late, it's too soon.At the moment Tom cast a spell, Harry suddenly lifted his invisibility cloakHe closed his eyes tightly, and rushed forward with the silver sword in his hand, the point of the sword was about to poke the basilisk's chin.But the little wizards probably haven't heard of the technique of splitting the mind into three parts. Tom Riddle reacted extremely quickly, and immediately used the expulsion spell on it:    Depuls!
   Harry felt a huge force suddenly hit him, and his body flew three or four meters away as if hit by a wild boar, and even threw his wand out.But the so-called neglecting the other is such a thing, the phoenix that has been hovering in the skyFinally found a chance, and swooped down, facing the basilisk's cloudy eyes - pecking fiercely.The black blood of the basilisk sprinkled from the sky, and the stench immediately permeated the entire secret room. Even Ron and Hermione could smell the snake bloodBut Tom Riddle no longer cared about the snake. Seeing that he had a chance to capture Harry as a hostage, he ignored the flying arrows released by Ron, and immediately followed Harry with a spell.
   Bind all!
    He cast the Binding Charm.It's not that he doesn't want to use Avada to eat big melons, but he knows that Ginny's magic power is not enough, and the wand won't cooperate.Harry wanted to get up from the ground and dodge the spell, but no matter how fast the spell was, it was faster than a human being. He just lost his center of gravity and immediately wanted to move away. I am afraid that even the youngest hunter in history Players are not so simple.So of course, Harry was hit by the spell, and became extremely stiff from top to bottom.Tom Riddle was overjoyed to see Harry incapacitated.He raised his hand and hit the phoenix with another spell. Fox swiftly flew away, but this also allowed the basilisk to get rid of its entanglement.
   Kill him!
    Tom Riddle yelled, pointing in front of him, 
   You can smell it, it's right in front of you!
   If he had his way, even if the basilisk's eyes couldn't be used anymore, it could use its fangs to make the savior less than worthy.It's a pity that there are others at the scene.-------------Chapter Dividing Line---------------After the basilisk heard the order, it immediately flattened its tall body, smelling Harry Potter's scent, and started to swim on the ground.Fox tried to block it, but Voldemort threw a dozen missiles into the air, driving it away from the basilisk's head so it wouldn't get in the way.
   
   
Chapter 50   
   
   In the exclamation of Hermione and Ron, the basilisk quickly approached Harry and exposed its fangs. Harry felt that he could even smell the earthy smell in its mouth.However, at this moment, Harry suddenly found that his body could move again.Not only was he able to move, but besides the Gryffindor's silver sword, he also had a silver shield on his left hand at some point.He immediately retracted his head without thinking, and raised the shield with his left hand.The basilisk's fangs struck heavily on the surface of the silver shield, making a crisp 
   ding
    sound.Seeing this scene, Voldemort couldn't help but shrink his pupils by two points.
   Athena's silver shield? How do you have this too?
   You must know that although he had judged the type of monster in the secret room based on the records a long time ago, he had been hesitant to enter the secret room because he was worried that the basilisk would be difficult to control.Voldemort was actually a coward - but few people knew it, because they were intimidated by his outward power and bravado.It wasn't until a young wizard from a pure-blood family in Slytherin expressed his allegiance to him that he dared to try to open the secret chamber, because this wizard family treasured an ancient silver shield that could purify almost all black magic.The Slytherin wizard boasted that it was the silver shield given by Athena to the hero Perseus, and that he used its reflected light to locate Medusa and kill herof.Although Voldemort didn't believe in this myth, the effect of the shield was just as the wizard said, and almost no spells could work on it, including several of the most ruthless magic known to Voldemort at the time.He finally accepted the silver shield, and took it to open the Chamber of Secrets.Although it was later proved that the basilisk was very close to him, and he didn't really need the shield, the silver shield became one of Voldemort's collections, just because it could drive away the relationship between black magic, so Voldemort faintly rejected it. I don't like to use it very much.It wasn't until the Battle of the Department of Mysteries of the Ministry of Magic, when Voldemort faced Dumbledore (the 
   Order of the Phoenix
    plot), that he had to use this silver shield againAt that time, Dumbledore issued a spell that made Harry 
   feel creepy
    at a glance, Voldemort summoned this silver shield in a hurry, blocked Dumbledore's spell with it, and issued a duang sound bang.No matter what the other abilities are, judging from the fact that it can block the spells of legendary mages, at least the wizard family in Slytherin has not collected fakes.Harry also had such a silver shield in his hand, which was really beyond Voldemort's expectation.It seems that Athena, heroes, Medusa and so on are just one of the stories fabricated by the goblins in order to sell goods. There are still many such silver weapons in the hands of the goblins.Although Harry didn't know why he was able to move suddenly, and there was such a silver shield in his hand, but the characteristic of the Lion House is that the body moves faster than the brain, so after blocking the attack of the basilisk, he didn't say anything, Raising Gryffindor's silver sword with his right hand was a stab.Before the basilisk could react, its head was pierced by the indestructible sword.The sword pierced through the gourd and emerged from the top of the head. Even the skull could not escape the fate of being pierced, even if Harry was not very strong.The basilisk let out a painful roar immediately, but no one except Harry and Voldemort could understand what it shouted.Tom Riddle quickly raised his wand, trying to use a healing spell to help the basilisk.But a wand appeared out of nowhere and landed on his pocket.
   Extelepathic!
    cried Lockhart.The cursed Tom Riddle's remnant soul trembled for a moment. Before he could realize anything, the remnant soul flickered violently for a few times like a holographic image with a bad signal, and then disappeared.Seeing that the spell was successful, Lockhart breathed a sigh of relief.Since he came in, he has been quietly hiding not far from Riddle's side. Even though Harry's situation is already very bad, he has been holding back from making a move, and finally waited until the basilisk left Riddle's side .When the other party was undefended, he sneaked up behind the other party, and then used a spell to sneak attack - because Gilderoy Lockhart was so familiar with this job, his body even developed muscle memory.But compared to those open-mouthed witches and old Armenian wizards, the target of Lockhart's sneak attack is much more prominent.Even if it's just a piece of Voldemort's soul, even if it's just a memory left by him when he was 16 years old, Lockhart still feels great satisfaction from being able to sneak attack successfully.Fox would not let go of this good opportunity, especially when the basilisk's eyes were pecked blind, its gourd was pierced, and it lost Voldemort's command. instinct.It beat the falling water snake hard, and pecked at the back of the opponent's neck, looking at the posture, it seemed that it would not stop until it pecked the basilisk into a pulp.And Lockhart picked up the diary on the ground after Voldemort's remnant soul disappeared.It's useless to sneak attack this piece of soul directly, because the 16-year-old Voldemort's body is that diary, even if it is broken up, it will only damage some vitality, and if you want to sneak attack, you can only sneak attack that diary.He had been looking for where Tom Riddle had put the diary just now, and even secretly checked Ginny's pocket while they were having a good fight, but he couldn't find it.It wasn't until the end that he confirmed that, just as the lich likes to keep the phylactery in his dimensional bag, the current Tom Riddle also hides it in his spirit body's pocket.Because when Ron and Harry released area-of-effect magic several times, Tom Riddle would subconsciously block his pocket.Oh, young man.No matter who it is, it seems that Lockhart suddenly appeared at this time. Even Harry forgot that he was still fighting the basilisk for a moment, so that the sword in his hand was taken off his hand, and was killed by the snake. The monster took it out.It doesn't matter though, because it's over now.Looking at the basilisk still struggling, Lockhart casually put the diary in his pocket, and lazily tapped it with his wand.The basilisk that lost its eyes can still find people by smell, and he doesn't want to capsize in the gutter.
   The table is called!
   He summoned the long table of Slytherin in the Hogwarts auditorium with a summoning spell, and pressed it on the basilisk.No way, who let him only have part of the authority of his own office and auditorium, his own desk is not so heavy.And if the people in the Snake Court knew that their table was crushed by a snake, they would probably be grateful to themselves, right?Then he turned to the stunned trio.
   The journey is over, kids! You have violated at least 100 school rules on this trip. If you hurry up and apologize to the principal, you might still be able to stay in school.
   -------------Chapter Dividing Line---------------It wasn't until Fox pecked at the head of the basilisk and Lockhart lowered his head to examine the body of the basilisk that the three saviors woke up like a dream.
   Professor Lockhart? Is that you?
    Harry asked cautiously.
   Of course it's me.
    Lockhart didn't turn his head. 
   I'm the professor of Defense Against the Dark Arts.
   
   You...how did you appear here?
   
   Something happened to a student at school, of course I want to come and see... Or, do you think I can't see the hole the size of the bathroom?
   Harry looked a little embarrassed:    That's not what I meant...
   While the two of them were talking, Ron had already made two steps in three steps to see how his sister was doing, while Hermione was touching her temple, looking a little confusedLockhart knew that his Oblivion Curse should have been triggered, so Hermione must have remembered something.The flood of information that suddenly flooded into her head should keep Hermione quiet for a while, and Lockhart felt that it would be better to wait for her to figure out the situation before apologizing himself.The most urgent task now is the last step—letting Harry destroy the diary with his own hands.This step was not difficult. When Ron went to check on Ginny and found that her condition was still getting worse, it became a very simple task for Harry to destroy the diary.Next, as long as you tell them yourself that destroying this diary can restore Ginny's vitality, then I believe that Harry and Ron will use this Gryffindor sword that has quenched the basilisk venom to cut the diary into pieces The crushing effect that the paper machine can't reach.Just when Lockhart was about to hand over the diary to Harry, deep in his heartBut there was a voice.
   Wait a minute! You may not know it, but now you have a better choice than handing over the diary. It will become your once-in-a-lifetime opportunity.
   The voice was of course Tom Riddle's.Lockhart was amazed by the vitality of this diary—even though he had imprisoned this piece of soul with his own magic power, this piece of soul could still talk to himself through his own magic resonance.
   Oh? Mr. Riddle, what do you want to say to me?
   
   That little girl wrote a lot in the diary, and I know a lot because of it. In addition to my current situation, I also learned about your past. You want power, right?
   Probably because he knew the time was tight, so Tom Riddle didn't talk about those idle things, but directly cut into the topic.
   Ah, power!
    Lockhart sighed, 
   That's a good thing. With it, wealth and status are at your fingertips. The best resources in society will always be open to you, and you can even build order and manipulate the fate of others. It's not a problem, everyone needs to look up to me... Tell me, who doesn't want power?
   As soon as Riddle heard the joke, his tone became a little hasty:   Then you should know that Dumbledore can't give you these. On the contrary, he will try his best to prevent you from getting them, and his followers are the same.
   Lockhart actually agreed with his opinion:    You are right, he will only help you to a certain extent, but as long as you cross that line, how much Dumbledore once supported you, and how much he will suppress you by then Just as big—if not harder.
   Han Jin can say that you are now facing an excellent opportunity. 
   Riddle's voice was full of delusion,
    
   Think about it, you are a big hero now, no one will suspect that you are involved in the death of that little girl, you just need to go back and tell the principal, youThey won't blame you for being late and failing to save that little girl's life, they'll just think it was excusable. 
   
   Well...but what good does it do me?
    Lockhart asked calmly.Makeup department?what!Don't you know that there is only one person who can give you great power?The real power that can ignore all objections is power! Only the ultimate black magic can make everyone fear, as the 
   King
    said, 
   If love and fear cannot be combined, the latter is better'
   
   But I don't see any connection between being able to save you and that person who can't even mention the name.
    Lockhart tried hard to make the voice in his heart look disinterested.
   As long as you go find him and give him this diary that contains his memory. You will get what you want. You don't even understand the importance of this diary to him... Ah, I almost forgot Tell you, my name—”In Lockhart's mind, a line of text suddenly appeared like this:Tmo Marvlo RiddleSubsequently, the letter i was moved to the front and became capitalized, as was the L in le, and his surname was reorganized, eventually becoming IamLrdVldemrt (I am Lord Voldemort).   Voldemort is my future, and I am Voldemort's past... Think about it, if you return this diary to him, what kind of power and honor will you gain when he regains power?
   Seeing that Lockhart didn't speak, Riddle felt that he was about to succeed, so he aggravated his tone, telling Lockhart to make up his mind immediately.
   Does this still require thinking and weighing? The two sides of the balance are completely unequal things! It's time to make a decision, whether to spend your whole life as the puppet and sounding board of that old bee, or to sit in a high position and become the one under that person.
    The existence of more than ten thousand people. You just need to deal with them, and then take leave to go out with a diaryBut his words were interrupted by Lockhart.
   Ah, sorry, the reason I didn't speak just now was because I suddenly thought of something.
   Voldemort didn't expect Lockhart to desert, but for the safety of his own soul: he still had to be patient and continue to support Lockhart.   What is it?
    he asked.
   An old meme, I remember seeing it on the forum before... You see, your name can still be grouped like this one by one
   Lockhart broke up the phrase 
   1amLrdVldemrt55 in his mind, and turned it into aTmoMarvloRiddle
   .Afterwards, he took out the M and 
    in the middle of Marvl, put them in the front, and changed them into Mr (Mr), put Tm in the back, and finally broke up and reorganized all the back parts, and finally became a new line. Character.——aMrTm, adildlver (Mr. Tom, a fake dick lover)”Just like a KTV private room where the electricity suddenly cut off, Tom Riddle suddenly lost his voice.After a long time, his voice reappeared in Lockhart's mind:    It seems that you are determined to be my enemy, right? I never thought that you would be so courageous?
   
   courage?
   
   Yeah, you should know that when he learned you destroyed his diary, heWhat kind of things will I do to you in the future?Believe me, death is definitely not the best thing for youending.
   Yo! Did you start to make threats? It seems that you are just a fool.
    Lockhart said mockingly, 
   Did you forget the postscript of 
   On Kings
   ?
   half? 
   If a king wants to be feared, he should do what he says, and if he cannot be loved or loved, he should not be hated. Do you understand, Mr. Tom?
   
   Aren't you afraid of me?
    Riddle's voice was full of irritation.
   If your eloquence and political common sense were better, I might do it, but your performance just now disappointed me. It's like... how should I put it... A primary school student said to a graduate student who studies the Riemann curve, after I learn the four arithmetic operations , I will teach you how to make missiles.
   But Riddle obviously couldn't listen, and besides, he didn't know what the Riemann curve was
   Don't think you've won, it's not over yet, sooner or later you'll pay for it!
    he growled.
   Shut up, Mr. fake penis lover.
    Lockhart retorted, 
   Also, let me teach you the most basic common sense of politics. I don't think you are so stupid that you don't even understand this truth.
   Riddle didn't reply, it seems that he has given up his plan to continue talking with Lockhart.But Lockhart had to say it anyway.
   What do you mean by 
   under one person, over ten thousand people
   ?
    
   How can you allow others to snore on the side of the couch'? In the process of chasing supreme power, no one except yourself can get involved... unless that person is your wife, understand, little Tom?
   After all, he intensified the strength of the mind block, and pressed the other party's consciousness back into the diary.Consciously returning to the outside, Lockhart found that although the two had been talking in their minds for a long time, it seemed that only a few seconds had passed outside.After pretending to check Ginny's situation, Lockhart took out Riddle's diary and handed it to the trio.
   It looks like we'll have to destroy the diary to get Miss Weasley backWaking up, her life force was sucked away by it. 
   
   I'm coming!
    Ron immediately leaned forward, 
   What should we do?
    Lockhart pointed to the corpse of the basilisk over there.
   Choose materials nearby... Gryffindor's sword, basilisk's fangs, or directly dissolve with venom, which one do you choose?
   Harry and Ron said in unison:    Come again!
   -------------Chapter Dividing Line---------------
   
   
Chapter 51   
   
   Lockhart had isolated himself from Voldemort's bewitching, and had barely struggled psychologically.For him, Voldemort is not compelling, even if the opponent is stronger.For a person in the 0th century, Voldemort's compulsion has long been lost in the voice of 
   Harry Potter is daddy! Ihehehe!
   Not to mention that Voldemort actually talked about politics with him, and a terrorist actually wanted to teach politics to a big civil servant who passed the civil service examination and went through various selections. This is too ridiculous.When you are not good at a certain thing, if you want to maintain your composure, you have to remain mysterious and avoid speaking in areas where others are good at, otherwise the three sentences will be seen as they are, and you will not be able to maintain your composure.Sorry, compared to Dumbledore, you are really naive.So Lockhart chose to hand over the diary and continue to gain favorability in front of the saviorJust as Lockhart thought, Harry and the others inflicted inhumane torture on that diary.In fact, Lockhart felt that when Ron took his fangs and slammed into the diary, it was over, especially when Tom Riddle yelled 
   it's not over yet, let's see
    when.Well, a very villainous statement.But Harry and Ron didn't think so, and when Ron stabbed it out of ink, Harry quickly joined the battle with Gryffindor's sword in his hand.Magical ink sprayed out like blood, while Harry and Ron seemed to have turned into murderers, and they were cruel and inhumane to the diary.Cutting, chopping, and chopping turned it into pieces of waste paper.They didn't stop until Lockhart yelled at them that Ginny was responding.Of course, Lockhart put his concern for the students first. After Ginny woke up, he immediately sat beside her to comfort her, and even stuffed a box of cream balls.After Hermione's memory recovered, in order to cover up herself, she has been taking care of Ginny there, occasionally sneaking a peek at Lockhart's side, and hesitated to speak a few times.Harry and Ron didn't notice, they were too busy trying to comfort the buzzing Ginny, and Harry even cracked a couple of poor jokes in an attempt to amuse her.If he knew that this was his future wife, maybe he would choose to rearrange the wording.Seeing the friends busy sharing the joy of victory, Lockhart came to the corpse of the basilisk, ready to collect the spoils.
   You guys rest for a while, and I will take you up together after I finish disposing of its corpse... Hey, Fox, shut up!
   Dumbledore's phoenix was nipping at the basilisk's neck, as if tasting the snake's flesh.Since the basilisk was pierced by the sword, the basilisk has been pressed down by the table and can only be slaughtered by it. When Lockhart came to check it, it had already passed away.After hearing Lockhart's stop, Fawkes raised his head and looked at Lockhart unhappily, which probably means that he won't stop if you don't give him an explanation.Lockhart walked over quickly, and took out a pair of spare gloves from his bag - because the pair he was holding was given to Myrtle as a reward.Then he took out a few more bottles and pointed the mouth of the bottle at the poison gland above the basilisk's teeth.
   I hope to collect a little more... This thing is very useful.
   Lockhart noticed when he was attacked last time that although the basilisk's venom can corrode organic matter, floor tiles and glass, the gold jewelry has not been corroded, indicating that itIt is not a strong oxide like aqua regia.In addition, Gryffindor's silver sword can also absorb it. Lockhart guessed that the snake venom should be something similar to hydrofluoric acid, so he got a few Teflon potion bottles from the Muggles. , trying to pretend to go.Sure enough, when the bottle touched the snake venom, it was not dissolved or deformed.Because of the sword and the phoenix, the venom glands of the basilisk were already damaged, and a lot of venom had flowed out. Lockhart tried his best to collect it, but in the end he only collected less than three vials.Well, if only it were a male snake, Lockhart thought unwillingly.Because this basilisk does not have a scarlet crest, it should still be a female snake with less venom. If it is a male snake, the venom sac will be more developedAfter comforting Ginny, Harry and the four of them finally noticed Lockhart's side
   What are you doing?
    Ron asked curiously.
   The venom of the basilisk. Because there have been no traces of basilisks in Britain for more than 400 years, this thing can't be bought even if you have money. Such a small bottle is worth at least 500 Galleons. If you collect three bottles, I can return some points Blood... Oh, I almost forgot, give me back the silver shield, the goblins blackmailed me for 3000 Galleons.
   Only then did Harry know how the silver shield appeared on him. 
   Thank you, Professor.
    He handed over the shield and sword.Lockhart took the shield, but pushed the sword back:    This silver sword is not mine, it is Godric Gryffindor's legacy, and you will return it to the principal yourself later.
   
   Principal? Dumbledore.
    Harry was a little surprised, 
   He also knows that I'm hereinside? 
   There are no members of the Dumbledore family left, no one can control this guy...
    Lockhart pointed to Fox, 
   There is a legend in Dumbledore's family - when any Dumbledore is in desperate situation, he will There will be a phoenix coming to him, why, only the members of their family know. 
   Facing the eyes of the three little wizards, Fox smacked his lips, noncommittal to what Lockhart said.
   That's great,
    said Ron enviously. 
   There's only one ghoul in my house, and I don't even know what it can do besides knocking on the water pipe.
   Harry, on the other hand, keenly noticed the 
   desperate situation
    in Lockhart's words.Who is it that once drove wizards like Dumbledore to a corner?But before Harry could think for long, Lockhart started to greet him and Ron.
   Harry, Ron, and Hermione, all three of you are here to help! After all these are done, I will not forget your share!
   As he spoke, he took out three more pairs of gloves and handed them to them one by one.Harry took the gloves, a little curious:    Isn't the venom already collected? What else are you going to do?
   Lockhart quickly replied:    We'll take out the remaining fangs, maybe they will be useful sometime. The snake gall is also taken out, Professor Snape will be interested. The snake skin Also try to be as complete as possible——oh, Fox, you really can spoil things—Wizeac is preparing to produce snakeskin wallets recently, and is buying snakeskin everywhere! Let’s say that this piece of skin will cost him 100 Galleons... 
   Hearing that he was also involved, Ron happily joined the harvesting army.-------------Chapter Dividing Line---------------After spending a little time, several people packed up the basilisk.Since several of them were not very proficient in skinning techniques, in order to completely peel off the skin of each snake, Lockhart borrowed the Gryffindor sword in Harry's hand and cut open the midline of the basilisk's abdomen.If the students at Hogwarts knew that Lockhart did this to the snake with the sword of Gryffindor, he would be loved by all Gryffindors, and hated by Slytherins.Snake skin, snake gall, and snake heart are all good things.Although Lockhart doesn't know how to use it, I believe someone will.Looking at the environment around the secret room, Lockhart suddenly had another idea.
   I'm going to apply to Dumbledore. The Duelist Club finals will be held in the Chamber of Secrets in a month's time. It's really a great atmosphere here.
   Harry and Ron agreed:    Good idea.
   After dawdling for a long time, they returned to the entrance below the secret room under Fox's impatient gaze.- The bird's two feet were obviously not enough for everyone to grasp. After Harry and Ron grabbed Ginny's two hands from left and right, they had a difficult time.
   This is a phoenix, not an owl that can be seen everywhere. It can afford all of us.
    Lockhart said, 
   If Hermione, you can catch...
   
   Professor, can you carry me up? I'm really tired now.
    Hermione said suddenly.Lockhart's expression froze for a moment, and finally he reluctantly agreed.He grabbed Fawkes by one leg and carried Hermione on his back, while RonGinny was carried on his back like a model, grabbed the other leg, and Harry grabbed its tail feathers alone.The ability of the Phoenix to carry people is really not covered. Dumbledore can apparate and many other ways of moving, but he is still used to moving with the Phoenix. much better.While Harry and Ron were yelling, Lockhart secretly asked Hermione on his back.
   Memory recovered?
   
   Of course, it's only been two weeks,
    Hermione replied quickly.I don't know if it's because of the phoenix fire, but her face is flushed red
   Don't tell them yet.
    Lockhart had to make amends, 
   When they find out, or when Dumbledore tells them.
   
   It may take a long time. The two of them don't like to think very much, unless it is a critical moment... Is there a confidentiality fee? Lockhart?
   While this is a welcome improvement, please call me Professor outside, thank you. 
   Lockhart tried to regain the professor's dignity.The downside of having Hermione's memory restored was that she was also recalling a time when he had been soft-hearted - something he felt he owed to the students.Although the matter of the secret room is over, there are still things to do in the future.
   
   The Duelist Club still has activities this week? ' she asked again.
   Yes, but I hope the club activities can end one month before your final exam.
   
   Great,
    said Hermione happily.It seemed she was concerned that Lockhart's club was only temporary, especially now that the basilisk had been taken out.Seeing that several people came back from the secret room intact, Ghost Myrtle was surprised and disappointed.
   None of you died! I thought at least one of you would stay with me!
    she said regretfully to them.Ron laughed dryly:    Maybe we should leave Tom Riddle to you, you are the same kind of creatures.
   Hearing this, Lockhart sighed deeply.
   What?
    Ron asked sensitively.
   I think my Defense Against the Dark Arts class should pay a little more attention to theory... Tom Riddle's is a 
   spirit
   , while Myrtle, like the bloody Barrow, is a 
   ghost
   , and Peeves is
    Sao Ling', in addition to the ghosts I expelled: and    Revenant
   , 
   Nightmare
   , 
   Demon
   ...
   
   What's the difference?
    Harry asked.Because they were worried about how they would be treated when they met the headmaster, Ron and Harry were also looking for something to say.
   The difference is huge! If you use the wrong exorcism method because you didn't figure out the type, then the enraged evil spirits may suddenly appear behind you, and then stretch out their hands to cover your eyes...
   For the occasion, Moaning Myrtle flew over Harry's head and stretched her arms over Harry's shoulders, trying to take off his glasses.Seeing this, Lockhart used a spell casually.Io soul worm. ’ Lockhart conjured a transparent caterpillar in the air.When Myrtle saw the caterpillar, she screamed in fright and jumped back into her own toilet, splashing a lot of water.Satisfied to see Myrtle flee, Lockhart withdrew the caterpillar.
   As you can see, the ghost can leave handwriting, and you will feel the biting cold when you pass through its body. When you move quickly, you can see its spirit ball, so as long as you use the spirit ball that can pass through the spirit body and attack them stuff, it gets scared awayRon curled his lips:    It turns out that after becoming a ghost, I will be afraid of caterpillars. I would rather go to reincarnation directly.
   Hearing the word 
   reincarnation
   , Harry raised his eyebrows, but Hermione was a little surprised.Although the wizards also believed in Protestantism in a strict sense, after entering the wizarding world, Christianity also learned to 
   do as the Romans do
   , mixing in a lot of elements of Celtic Druidism.In addition, there are also followers of pure Druidism, such as Umbridge, the perverted pink toad.The core doctrine of the Druids is that people will be reincarnated after death. As long as the soul remains intact, they will be able to reincarnate into a new body. That's why the magic of making Horcruxes was rejected by wizards in the first place.Hermione had read a lot of books about the introduction to the wizarding world in the first grade, so she knew some things taught by druids, but Harry, a half-breed from an ancient family, didn't know about it.She keenly noticed that Lockhart seemed to be trying to tell them some important information again—he had said several seemingly useless 
   gossips
    before, but in the end she used them all.So she interrupted Ron.
   Listen, Ron, I'm interested... So, what are the characteristics of Tom Riddle's 'spirit'? 
   Lockhart marveled at her sharpness, but he wasn't sure if Hermione had noticedwhat.Strictly speaking, 
   soul
    belongs to living beings, that is, souls without death, so if you use the method of dealing with undead to burn holy wood, there will definitely be problems... But it is not without weaknesses, that is, no matter how vicious it is, There must also be a 'body', and the spirit usually cannot be too far away from the body,
    he told them.Looking at Hermione's serious look, Harry seemed to have sensed something.But before he could think about it, he found that the three of them had arrived in front of the principal's office.
   Cold lemonade!
    cried Lockhart.-------------Chapter Dividing Line---------------In the office, the three saviors found that the Weasleys had already been waiting there, and they and the principal were not the only ones in the office.After seeing Ginny, the couple quickly stepped forward and hugged them.
   What happened?
    Mrs. Weasley asked Ron eagerly:    The wall clock rang just now, and I saw that the hands of both of you suddenly pointed to 
   extreme danger.
   Harry and Ron hurried to explain - mainly to excuse Ginny.In fact, they don't need to say so much, they just need to tell everyone in the room that the culprit is the dark magic item left by Voldemort, then nothing will happen.The couple was relieved to be back safely, but not everyone else in the office.For example, Lucius Malfoy, he didn't even hide his disappointment, as if he was extremely sorry that the two Weasley children didn't die accidentally.The other man was far more tactful.
   Look, Lucius!
    Cornelius Fudge had a smile all over his face, 
   I just said, Dumbledore can solve all problems! You don't worry too much!
   Then he turned to Dumbledore:    The previous 12 school managers jointly wrote a letter asking me to remove you. I told them that there must be something wrong, but Mr. Malfoy insisted on seeing you, so I just... 
   
   Thank you, Hizaka,
    interrupted Dumbledore. 
   What a touching trust.
   
   
   
Chapter 52   
   
   Fudge looked awkward, not sure if Dumbledore was talking ironically.As a bystander, Lockhart can see clearly—this is Fudge's move.Throwing a stone on his own foot.According to Aunt Rowling, Hogwarts is funded by funding from the Ministry of Magic.If this is the case, then the so-called 12 school directors are not so much the 
   owners
    of the school as they are the 
   co-decision makers
    selected by the Ministry of Magic and the castle.In other words, without Fudge's troubles, Malfoy would not be able to get the signatures of the other 0 school directors to dismiss him.It's just that in the original book, everyone's attention is mostly focused on Malfoy's threat to the school trustees, but Fudge's own attitude towards this matter is ignored.Although Fudge kept saying that he believed in Dumbledore, he was forced to.But Malfoy was still able to come to Hogwarts with the removal order, and after Dumbledore left, he still took Hagrid and detained him.And Hagrid is Dumbledore's most loyal three-headed dog - everyone knows that.In this case, it doesn't really matter what Fudge says.Look at a person by how he does it, not how he says it.Of course Dumbledore understood this, and Fudge was not stupid. He knew that this dismissal incident deeply offended Dumbledore, especially after Dumbledore quickly persuaded the 11 school managers to change their minds. The current Dumbledore still has considerable energy in the political arena, and it is not appropriate to turn his face immediately.That's why later, after Sirius escaped from prison, he tried to show his favor to Dumbledore by protecting Harry with great fanfare, repairing the relationship between the two, and giving the credit to Snape of the Snake faction, but In the end, because of all kinds of mistakes...everyone knows.In the same way, now that Malfoy came to the school with a dismissal order, this more than anything explained Fudge's attitude. The sweet words he was speaking at the moment paled in front of Dumbledore.But luckily Lucius Malfoy saved him.He blocked Fudge nonchalantly, and shoved the removal order under Dumbledore's eyelidsBottom:    Very well, it seems that the matter has been settled for the time being...but this cannot be used to offset your failure of duty, Dumbledore.
   
   So?
    Dumbledore watched the two play in front of him coldly.
   Your dereliction of duty caused a Muggle student, a respectable college ghost, and a cat to be attacked, and it took more than half a year to find the real culprit, even though she was in your school, in under your nose.
   When Lucius Malfoy said this, his confidence was somewhat lacking—not to mention whether their pure-blood family would care about the safety of Muggle students, even a ghost and a cat couldn't be said to be such a tragic loss.Before anyone could speak, Arthur Weasley rushed over and grabbed him by the front.
   Muggle students? Are you embarrassed to say it? I don't know when you started to care about this. How many threats, blackmail, and blackmail did you use to get other school managers to agree to sign with you?
   Lucius pushed his hand away coldly:    Pay attention to the way you speak, this is the third time, Weasley! Accusing others without evidence can easily be sued for defamation.
   He wasn't afraid of Arthur, although the Ministry did raid under his living room later, but thanks to Snape's reminder, he moved most of the dark magic supplies in time, leaving only a few slightly illegal gadgets.For this reason, he also scolded his son and threatened him that if he heard him talking nonsense again, he would send him a shouting letter.The threat worked well for Draco Malfoy, because face was more important to him than anything else.Seeing Malfoy mentioning the evidence at this moment, Harry and Ron exchanged glances, and immediately took out the diary they had chopped into shreds—at this time, except for the cover, which could still be seen as a book, the rest It doesn't hurt to end up in the shredder binPeople are surprised.
   He must have put it in there!
    said Ron, pointing at Lucius, 
   Ginny said it was hidden in her old Transfiguration textbook, and he must have put it in, during the fight with Dad in Diagon Alley! 
   
   As expected of the Weasley family.
    Lucius replied coldly, 
   It has perfectly inherited the fine traditions of the family in terms of nonsense.
   
   You...
    Mr. Weasley raised his right fist and was about to punch him.
   Oh, Arthur, don't fight here, we will definitely investigate this matter, clear and clear,
    said Fudge.At this time, Fudge was simply grateful to Lucius in his heart—before his relationship with Dumbledore was torn apart, Lucius used this way of confrontation with everyone present to attract most of the attention. And blamed himself for trying to fire Dumbledore.In this way, it is very convincing that Fudge was 
   forced to agree
   . Anyway, he has always been an indecisive fat man in the eyes of the world.But Arthur Weasley, he actually wears a pair of trousers with Dumbledore... As long as I'm around, he won't even think about being promoted!said Fudge.Seeing that several people had finished their performance, Dumbledore stepped forward to clean up the mess.
   Of course this matter needs to be investigated, and the results of this matter will finally appear in the newspapers in a 'form acceptable to all'.Arthur, what your children need most right now is comfort, why not take them to the Three Broomsticks for a butterbeer?If possible, please leave me alone, old man, I want to study this diary...Harry, Gilderoy, you two stay, I have something to ask you-------------Chapter Dividing Line---------------After everyone else had left, Dumbledore stopped hiding and asked the question he had been caring about.
   Harry, you said just now that you heard a person talking after the Deathday party, and later found out that it was a basilisk swimming in the pipe... May I understand that you can understand snakes talking?
   Harry hesitated, but told the truth anyway.
   Yes, in fact, when I went to the zoo with my uncle's family, I found out - a boa constrictor told me that it had never been to Brazil...
   There was finally a change in Dumbledore's eyes—his emotions had never been so fluctuating when Fudge came to say that he was going to be deposed just now.It is absolutely impossible for the Potter family to have intermarried with the Gunter family, there is no doubt about it, then...Then Dumbledore turned to Lockhart.
   The magic you used on Tom Riddle just now is 
   mind block
   , that is to say, you also think it is a creature, right? 
   
   Of course.
    Lockhart replied without hesitation, 
   I don't know if you have noticed that the cabinets in my office are made of imported 
   Peruvian holy wood
   ? 
   
   You actually used Peruvian sacred wood for your cabinet.
   
   Do you want Peeves to break into my office and smash it around?
    Lockhart asked. 
   I remember he just smashed a disappearing cabinet in the school this year.
   Deng Buhe nodded his head more, expressing that he understood what Lockhart meant.Whether it's a ghost, a ghost, or some other kind of undead, burning the holy wood can temporarily deactivate it, since the last time the attackers didn't come because of Lockhart's office.If the cabinet in it burns and loses its mobility, it means that the attacker is not a dead spirit.Dumbledore sighed heavily, he finally had the most direct evidence for what he had been most worried about all along.But that's good, he won't have any illusions about Voldemort now.
   It seems that after Voldemort failed to kill you with a spell last time, he inadvertently transferred a part of his own soul to you. Although he didn't know it, this is how you feel about Tom Riddle. Why,
    said Dumbledore, looking at Harry.Harry was too surprised to speak.He bid farewell full of thoughts, but before he left, Dumbledore asked Harry to call Snape over, and then began negotiations with Lockhart.
   Gidero, I'm afraid I need an oath from you.
   
   You can get my oath at any time.
    Lockhart shrugged. 
   No matter what conclusion you draw from the conversation just now, you can trust my ability to keep my mouth shut.
   
   Of course, I believe it, but what I need now is an 'Unbreakable Vow'
    Dumbledore emphasized.Lockhart shut his mouth suddenly and just stared straight at Dumbledore.Dumbledore also didn't speak, and also stared at Lockhart, there was a kind of tone between his eyebrows that you dare not swear that I won't let you go out of this room easilyDumbledore was right to be so nervous, because a possibility suddenly occurred to him, the possibility of defeating Voldemort.In the West, 
   T
    is a very magical number and the most stable number. Not to mention that God created man in seven days, music scores are divided into 7 notes, and the seven deadly sins and so on also represent their attitude towards 7 superstitious.Even mathematicians have discovered the uniqueness of 7—no matter any number, as long as it is not a multiple of 7, the infinite loop decimal obtained after dividing by 7 is an infinite loop of the loop section of 142857.The same is true for geometry. In Ren 9, other regular polygons can be drawn with straightedge and compass, but only the regular heptagon cannot be drawn with ruler and compass. This undoubtedly adds a new dimension to the number 7. A symbol of magic.The same is true in the magic world, not to mention the origin of Druidism and the number 7, that is, when many wizards study astrology, occultism, and number divination, they can also find that the number 7 is different.Dumbledore can cast spells with seven minds at the same time, and Voldemort can do the same, but neither of them went further. This is not because they can't, but because no matter how much they discover, their magic power will become Extremely unstable.Although there is no evidence so far, Dumbledore instinctively believed that Voldemort would divide his soul into seven parts, that is, make six Horcruxes.But Voldemort probably doesn't know one thing now, that is, Harry Potter also has a piece of his own soul.In other words, he possessed a Horcrux that he didn't even know existed.If Voldemort continued to make the 
   six Horcruxes
    he thought he had, he would actually make seven, and the soul would thus be divided into eight.If the soul is divided into eight parts, then Voldemort's profound magic power obtained through many magical transformations will also become extremely unstable. Wouldn't it be easy to defeat him by then?If this is the case, Dumbledore may kill Voldemort without the need for a savior.Just the thought of this possibility made Dumbledore's heart skip a beat.By the way, Sybill Trelawney's original prophecy was actually carefully divided.The analysis does not say that the Savior will be born in July 
   this year
   .Her original words were 
   the one who has the ability to defeat the demon king is approaching
   , 
   born in a family that defeated the demon king three times
   , 
   has power that the demon king does not understand
   , 
   the demon king regards him as a strong enemy
    and 
   born in a family that has defeated the demon king three times
   . end of July
   .In other words, the savior does not have to be born at the end of July of the year when the prophecy was made, but also in earlier years, as long as he has defeated the Dark Lord three times, and has 
   powers that the devil does not understand
    and 
   the devil does not understand.
    Treat him as a strong enemy
    these two conditions.When is Dumbledore's own birthday?July 18&.As for defeating the Dark Lord three times?Sorry, in the history of the Dumbledore family, they really defeated the famous demon king twice. If you count Dumbledore's defeat of Grindelwald, it would be three times - the prophecy did not say which 
   Dark Lord
   There is also the most important 
   Dark Lord regards him as a strong enemy
    one by one, if Voldemort hadn't heard the incomplete prophecy, would he have regarded Dumbledore as a strong enemy more - or a baby as a strong enemy? ?Otherwise, how can the prophecy be unbelievable?Because it's true anyway.Whether Dumbledore defeated or Harry defeated the Dark Lord, the prophecy was true.Dumbledore didn't think of this at first, because he couldn't figure out what 
   power the devil didn't know
    he hadBut thinking about it now, basic love is also love, and does Voldemort, the unlucky kid who fell in love with a love potion, know what is love?No matter who will defeat Voldemort in the future, the fact that 
   Voldemort accidentally created an extra Horcrux
    must not be exposed, especially if Voldemort himself cannot be informed, otherwise he probably will not be the seventh Horcrux up.Dumbledore stared at Gilderoy Lockhart firmly, with a very firm attitude.Don't you kid just walk out of this office so lightly.Chapter 110 Belongs to the Politician's CounterattackHalf an hour later, Lockhart and Snape walked out of the headmaster's office together.
   Congratulations, you have finally officially become the dog of the old bee.
    Snape said to Lockhart with a stick in his words.
   I'm somewhat different from you. After all, I just want to keep a secret. You probably want to keep more than this one. I can see that.
    Lockhart replied.Snape didn't answer, it was tacit consent.As a witness just now, he made an unbreakable oath for Dumbledore and Lockhart, that is, the kind that violates it will die.Lockhart was forced to promise not to reveal that Harry Potter also had Voldemort's soul in his body.Without this promise, it is estimated that Dumbledore would never be at ease with him, especially when he still volunteered to be a politician.However, Lockhart was not in vain. Dumbledore finally acquiesced in Lockhart's practice of treating Hogwarts as a place for political talents, and promised to give him the right to expand the student union in the school.Probably Fudge's forced palace behavior today gave Dumbledore a warning. Dumbledore realized that while he was concentrating on school affairs and cultivating the savior, his right to speak in the Ministry of Magic was gradually disappearing, so he increased his investment.Knowing that the opportunity was rare, Lockhart took the opportunity to come up with the outline of the new student union he had planned and asked him for approval.The authority of Hogwarts student president is currently not enough. Seriously, only the prefects and student presidents have authority. Their job is to help professors lead new students, maintain order or discipline, and assist in organizing the Quidditch odd cup.But here at Lockhart, he plans to expand the authority of the student union, and set up the organization department, the discipline committee, and the student election office respectively, creating a small 
   separation of powers
   .Of course, the expansion of authority will naturally be accompanied by an increase in responsibilities, otherwise Dumbledore will have some opinions in his heart even if he doesn't say anything.Lockhart is going to register the student associations one by one, and the student union will regularly distribute club funds to these legal associations, and also organize regular activities.In his opinion, there are still too few student activities at Hogwarts.Activities such as regular alumni gatherings, homecoming small concerts for parents, field trips in spring and autumn, homecoming lectures by outstanding alumni, magic shows and flea markets, Hogwarts is actually a None, it would be too coldAs long as these activities are held, the authority of the student union will naturally increase.Dumbledore was a little worried, because the increase in activities would mean an increase in the school's funds, and the funding from the Ministry of Magic and alumni donations alone might not be enough, even if the event prizes at most were small gadgets such as chess and card books.Lockhart was prepared for thisHe persuaded Dumbledore to boldly appoint talents and hire a school property manager from the Muggle world to run the school property for Hogwarts.In his opinion, Hogwarts' school property actually has a good business prospect.Hagrid is now helping Dumbledore run the school farm, but the output of this farm is only enough for the school teachers and students to eat, which is too wasteful, because the area of ​​arable land can continue to expand, and even if he doesn't grow it himself, he can still rent it out.In addition, the finished products made in the herb and potion classes produced in the Hogwarts greenhouse: if there are qualified ones, it is not impossible to sell them, and it is not impossible to even build a school-run factory.With the school-run farm and school-run factory, it is also a problem to set up a special storeAs it should be, hotels, publishing houses, overseas study business, magic research and consulting services, etc., are all businesses that schools can do.In addition, their excess funds can also be used to invest in Muggle securities. Even the most secure fixed-income bonds and currency funds, a few points of income per year are better than watching a pile of gold galleons piled up on the market. Gringotts is strong, Gringotts will not pay interest on the savings of wizards.Dumbledore didn't agree to his overall plan right away, but he allowed him to expand the authority of the student union first. If the new student union can operate smoothly, it won't be too late to consider other things.Although the two had the same views, they quickly reached an agreement on one thing, that is, to immediately use the follow-up effects of the Chamber of Secrets incident to strive for a relatively independent status for Hogwarts, and at the same time It is possible to suppress the status of snake wizards in the Ministry of Magic.Although Lucius said that the matter of the diary had nothing to do with him, no one could be fooled, even if he did not leave any evidence.Because for some people, this kind of thing doesn't need proof.   
   
Chapter 53   
   
   Not to mention that there is such an imb thing as Veritaserum in the wizarding world, even Lucius' actions are not impeccable. He started contacting people to depose Dumbledore early on, and no one can hide this.Next, Dumbledore only needs to invite a few highly respected seniors to come over and search the Malfoy family's manor and villa. As long as they find anything related to black magic, they can use it as a name. The Malfoys retaliate.If Dumbledore did this directly, then the Snake Wizard could naturally accuse him of breaking the rules.Because before and after Voldemort's downfall, those who used to be 
   rebellious
    had somewhat unclean things in their hands. If they were to be held accountable, none of them could escape.Lose.When the Great War just ended that year, the wizarding world was in dire straits, and the Ministry of Magic urgently needed the financial resources and contacts of the Snake Sect wizards to restore the economy, so a compromise was made.The surrender of the snake wizards is not without conditions-that is, the Ministry of Magic is prohibited from further pursuing the matter.If Dumbledore chooses to bring up the old matter at this time, of course the Snake wizards will resist to the end, because it involves their political lives.But if Dumbledore retaliated against his almost deposed Hogwarts principal, I am afraid that most of the Snake Sect could only pretend not to see it and suffer this dumb loss, because Dumbledore's revenge was very reasonable.Dumbledore set a bottom line for this revenge action, that is, the Malfoy family must be expelled from the Hogwarts school trustees.Among the 12 school directors, the four schools each account for three, but if Malfoy is expelled, there will be two remaining Slytherins, so the reaction should not be too big.As for the extent to which the Ministry of Magic's hand towards Hogwarts can be hurt, it depends on everyone's joint efforts.Snape's position in this matter was awkward - as the head of Slytherin, he was born to belong to the Snake faction, so he could not help Dumbledore suppress his own people.But as far as his selfishness is concerned, if Hogwarts can become more independent, as the head of the house, he will naturally have more power in his hands than before.To put it bluntly, it is precisely because the Snake faction can no longer exert pressure on Hogwarts through their status as school trustees, so they need to rely on Snape more, and more resources will be devoted to Snape.While thinking this way, he couldn't help pinching his pocket that had been cast with the traceless expansion spell.There, the heart, liver, and gall of the basilisk lie in perfect condition, waiting for a potions master to transform them into another form of existence.Politics is such a complicated thing, what does it matter to me as a Potions professor?Chapter 110 I Allow You To Be GreedyCompared with other newspapers, the 
   Daily Prophet
    is still better.Before other media got the news, the news about the discovery of the Slytherin chamber of secrets and the killing of the monsters in the chamber of secrets had already appeared on the fourth page of the 
   Daily Prophet
   , and this was only the second day after the incident of the chamber of secrets .It's just that the page of this news is only as big as three cookies, and because of the 
   incomplete details
   , the newspaper only briefly explained it, and did not write in detail.Not only that, but the 
   Daily Prophet
    also published a large-scale front page about the fact that Gringotts spellbreakers discovered two earth-moving wooden ships inside the Khufu Pyramid in Egypt.It appears that the Ministry of Magic does not want the Chamber of Secrets to draw attention, for obvious reasons.It's a pity, a pity, some things are not up to you.Lockhart thought.Although the Hogwarts students also heard about the discovery of the Chamber of Secrets, they didn't know much about it. Even the Gryffindor students only knew a little bit, thanks to Ron that big mouth.It's a pity that Ron has perfectly inherited the basic qualities of Gryffindor. Every version of the story told by him is slightly different, and the content is getting more and more outrageous in terms of the wonderfulness of the content, and the number of basilisks is gradually increasing. The trend has changed from one at the beginning to nine later.If there were really nine basilisks, it might not just be mice, lizards and owls, even if the students at Hogwarts fed all the basilisks, they probably wouldn't be able to get enough to eat.But Ron's nonsense also has an advantage, that is, no student can figure out what happened under the Chamber of Secrets, so that no one believes the more 
   true
    versions.Originally, the students expected the 
   Daily Prophet
    to tell them the truth, but the newspaperThe information on the paper was even less than what they knew, which undoubtedly disappointed themTherefore, when Lockhart held dueling club activities the next day, almost all the students who could come came.Of course, their excuse was 
   ready for knockout
   .After the Chamber of Secrets incident, the Quidditch game, which had been suspended for a long time, was supposed to resume, but it was already the end of February, and the middle game had already been missed, and the students who had interrupted the training had to play a game no matter how good they were. Question mark, after much deliberation, the professors decided not to hold this year's Quidditch Cup.After losing the fun of Quidditch, the students could only choose to duel if they wanted to vent their excess energy, so the upcoming duel club knockout match became a hot topic among the students, and there was nothing wrong with them using this as an excuse.It's just that Lockhart knew that they were drunk and didn't care about drinking, and cared that Harry's trio would also participate in the event.So he went along with the flow and simply turned the tea party that afternoon into a summary report of the three saviors talking about their trip to the Chamber of Secrets.However, the caliber of this 
   summary report
    was discussed by Dumbledore, Lockhart and the trio that morning.Although the caliber and the truth are 90% identical, the key is the 10%, which is enough for outsiders to completely understand the mystery in the middle.Under Harry's own narration, the story seems to have become another version:——Professor Lockhart guessed from the case of Mrs. Norris' attack that the attacker was likely to move through a pipe, and it was likely to be a snake, and then he told the clues to the children of the Dueling Club, And all the portraits of the pipeline exits inside the castle are equipped with eyeliner, and whenever someone passes by, the portraits will be notified to Lockhart.But the murderer was much more cunning than they imagined, because it was not human at all, but a black magic item left by    that person
   .Until Lockhart was attacked on Christmas, Harry and the others were just preparing for a night tour, and they overheard the sound of the murderer bringing the basilisk into the bathroom.They later told Lockhart the clues, and together they found the entrance, but they didn't know how to open it.In the end, the few people discussed together and used the portrait to set up an ambush at the door of the bathroom, trying to wait for the heir of Slytherin to open the secret room before catching him, so that everyone can get all the stolen goods.In the end, the murderer finally couldn't hold back the desire to kill and attacked Ginny.The few people who had been prepared for a long time followed quietly and entered the secret room together.Next, several people entered the secret room together, and three students assisted Lockhart to defeat the dark magic items left by Voldemort and the basilisk hidden in the secret room for 1000 years—this part is not fictional at all.According to this statement, more than 80% of the credit for defeating the monster in the chamber of secrets belongs to Lockhart. The three students just got the clue by accident and assisted Lockhart in defeating the basilisk.Lockhart was greedy again for his own, but this time Dumbledore, Harry and other parties were all willing.Ron was bought by Lockhart with the 
   money
    from selling snake skin, and Harry didn't want others to know that he was a Parseltongue. Lockhart took the responsibility to himself or helped him.As for Hermione...
   Professor Lockhart's contribution is the greatest.
    She said this to Harry and Ron.In addition to these little wizards, Dumbledore also hoped that Lockhart would 
   take up this responsibility
   .After all, he had confessed when he was talking to Harry and the others that from now on, Harry and the others must never reveal to anyone that he had a piece of Voldemort's soul in his body.If Harry and the others were telling the truth and told the public that they guessed the way the basilisk moved because Harry heard someone talking, it would be self-defeating.Therefore, Lockhart must be 
   ashamed
    of the credit for discovering the clues of the basilisk, otherwise Harry's affairs will be exposed.He also wanted Harry to learn Occlumency, if possible.
   Although you should have left your job during the summer vacation, I hope you can go to the Dursleys' house and teach Harry how to close his brain... Even if he can't learn it, I hope he can leave a good foundation.
    Dumbledore specially said exhorted.Lockhart readily agreed.
   It's not just Harry, Mr. Colin Creevey, the first grader, I'm afraid I have to go tutoring too.
    He sighed, 
   He has been lying in the hospital for half a year because of being petrified, and the exam at the end of the semester is estimated to be It must be smashed.
   
   Of course it's best if you are willing to take on this responsibility, but the first-year courses are actually not difficult.
    Even if you don't study hard at ordinary times, you should be able to cope with it by studying suddenly for about a month before the exam...Isn't it, Harry, Ron ? 
   The two nodded without thinking, but then realized that they had been fooled
   Study suddenly at the end of the semester... because I usually practice Quidditch in 
   11...
    He explained rather awkwardly.But then the old bee and Lockhart laughed at the same time and told Harry that hegot molested againChapter 110 Two PreparationsAfter listening to Harry's statement, the students in the Dueling Club applaudedCompared with the incomplete news in the Daily Prophet and the increasingly outrageous Gryffindor rumors, the first-hand news from this person who experienced it is obviously more trustworthy.
   It's really lucky.
    Cedric said, 
   Fortunately, when the chamber of secrets was opened, it happened that Professor Lockhart came to teach. If it was someone else...I can't even imagine what the result would be.
   Others nodded in agreement, which made Lockhart feel proud.
   It's useless to flatter you.
    Lockhart joked cheerfully with the little wizards, 
   The next duel needs to be dealt with by yourselves, and I won't make trouble for you because of your flattering.
   The little wizards laughed—without Lockhart making a fuss, the dueling skills they exchanged were enough to keep them in the top eight of their grade.Near the end of the semester, the situation in the dueling club standings has almost become clear.Among the students in the fourth and sixth grades, although those with relatively stable rankings almost never missed club activities, the frequency of their own duels became less and less, and their dueling styles began to become somewhat unpredictable.Lockhart could tell at a glance that they were obviously preparing a big move, and wanted to leave it to their opponents in the knockout round.Those whose points ranking is not so stable will suffer a little bit. In order to stabilize the top eight rankings, they have to use their real skills to compete with others, and they have played a lot of good rounds.Most of those who can participate in Lockhart's club activities are in the top five of their grades, and what they are most concerned about now is whether the 
   condensed real name
    promised by Lockhart can be realized.
   I ordered three bottles of Felix Felicia from Mr. Granger, Mr. Slughorn, and Professor Snape. I believe you have heard about Professor Snape's bottle. It will be ready within half a month. A bottle of Felix Felicia is enough for a dozen people, just a small sip each. If you are confident enough, you can start to conceive the content of your real name now.
    Lockhart assured.The students reacted differently after listening --- some people were eager to try, some peopleBut it seems very calm, while the fourth grade students are a little bit depressed.
   What?
    Lockhart noticed this keenly.The fourth grade students showed helpless expressions, and looked at Cedric Diggory.No way, if there were no accidents, the champion of their level would definitely be Cedric.The strength shown by Cedric is really exaggerated. Not only did he learn all the spells on the list of spells that Lockhart gave him before Easter, but he even mastered the silent spell in advance. His skills and reactions far surpassed those of his peers Not to mention life, Transfiguration, Herbs, and Potions are still outstanding, he is simply a person who has no dead endsEspecially the little wizards from magical families, they grew up surrounded by their parents nagging 
   Look at the Diggory children
   .For this kind of 
   other people's children
   , even if they had the idea of ​​confrontation, they were defeated by Cedric in the long-term competition.Such a person is well-deserved to be selected as a Hogwarts warrior. Even Lockhart secretly felt that if such a child grows up, he is likely to achieve a higher status than the three saviors. Achievement.What's more frightening is that Cedric has never been proud.
   Duel is not about lifting weights, nor is it about magic power. Any negligence or mistakes in immediate decision-making may lead to irreversible defeat. With so many outstanding classmates, I don't have full confidence in winning.
    Derek said.Although he was being humble, the students in the same grade were even more desperate after hearing his wordsWell, even the possibility of underestimating the enemy no longer exists, so how can we fight.Relatively speaking, the competition between the second and third graders is much fiercer, because they don't know much magic, and very few can learn the stun spell. In addition, everyone has a distinct personality, and the duel style is rather Presented a posture of a hundred flowers blooming.Compared with the students of the same grade, the biggest advantage of the three of Harry is not how many spells they have mastered, but that they have all seen big scenes.They have gone deep into the Forbidden Forest and directly faced the three-headed dog and the basilisk, so naturally they will no longer be afraid of those 
   little things
   ; and Harry, who has defeated Voldemort twice, naturally does not think that people of the same age are so powerful. Difficult to deal with, and this confidence also makes them more calm than other peers.As Lockhart mentioned repeatedly in class, in a duel, calmness and calmness are often more important than the number of spells he has mastered.If nothing else, the champions of all grades should have gathered this weekendAfter getting Harry's complete description of the incident, the little wizards who came to the party were satisfied.After announcing the adjournment of the meeting, they couldn't wait to go out immediately. It seemed that they wanted to show off the first-hand news they had got to others.However, Lockhart left a few people behind and was going to talk to them about the expanded student union.
   Mr Percy Weasley of Gryffindor, Penelock of RavenclawMiss Rivat, Mr Cedric Diggory of Hufflepuff, and SlaterMister perkin derek of lin, you four stay here, i want to discuss with you-something.Hearing the names of the few people left behind by Lockhart, the other students were a little curious.Because the level of these four people's duels is not the best, among these people present, it can only be regarded as mediocre. When it comes to Quidditch, only the latter two are good at it.But Lockhart was very satisfied with the candidates he left behind: one person from each of the four colleges, there were prefects and ordinary students, there were men and women, there were whites and blacks, and political correctness couldn't be more correct.After the rest of the people had left, he revealed his plan.   ...For some unfortunate reasons, this year's Quidditch Cup has been cancelled, and the school has lost a regular source of income, which is a pity.
   After listening to his opening remarks, both Cedric and Derek of Slytherin showed regretful expressions-they were both members of the Quidditch team.The Quidditch competition held by the four colleges every year is a Hogwarts tradition. According to Master Rowling's description, although there are only a few hundred students in Hogwarts, in Harry's third year Quidditch In the final of the World Cup, there were 200 people sitting in the stands supporting Slytherin, and this only accounted for a quarter of the audience.This also meant that the audience at the scene included not only Hogwarts students, but also some people from outside the school to watch the battle, most likely Hogsmeade and some graduated adults.There's no reason why these people shouldn't charge them ticket money, right?Chapter 110 Three Life Is Like a Drama: All Depends on Acting SkillsBecause of the Chamber of Secrets, Hogwarts has lost ticket revenue for four games this year, and the finals, which accounted for most of the revenue, are gone. This is even worse for Hogwarts, which is not financially well off.So Lockhart was going to come up with a plan - to use the back room, hold a homecoming reception, and get the money back.Although Professor McGonagall wasn't too impressed, Dumbledore had other plans.Because Lockhart told him that this kind of profitable off-campus project can be encountered but not sought after. If it is a university in the Muggle world, they will definitely not give up this opportunity to ask for donations, such as Oxford, Cambridge and the London University of Economics. .The reason why these universities can maintain a certain degree of economic independence from the government is because they rely on the tuition fees of international students, donations from graduate alumni and this kind of off-campus profit-making projects.If Hogwarts can gradually take advantage of this to gradually gain financial autonomy, then Hogwarts will be much less under the control of the Ministry of Magic than it is now.This sentence really moved Dumbledore. After he was almost deposed by Malfoy's conspiracy, what he was most worried about was that the Ministry of Magic would intervene in Hogwarts affairs, thereby hindering his plan to destroy Voldemort.   
   
Chapter 54   
   
   So in the end it was settled, and Lockhart was given carte blanche to run it.Of course, Lockhart would not let go of such a great opportunity to expand his team. He retained several people who were most concerned with politics among the four colleges, and prepared to set up this 
   Ministry of Magic Inaugural Preschool
    justifiably.He opened with a shock bomb:   Mr. Weasley, the headmaster appreciates your outstanding performance this year.For being extremely responsible during this difficult time at Hogwarts, if nothing else, I hope you will be able to afford more work next year. 
   Percy was taken aback for a moment, then overjoyed.Dumbledore's implication is that his next year's student president did not run away.He immediately looked at his girlfriend beside him, and found that Penello was also beaming with joy.She was probably the only one who was truly happy about Percy's 
   promotion
   .Although it is said that both the prefect and the student chairperson should represent the interests of the students, the prefects of each college are selected by the dean of the college, and they are handed over to the principal after the selection, and the student chairperson must be the principal in the end. Decide.Under this mechanism, the prefects and the student chairperson say they represent the interests of the students, but in fact they can only obey the principal and the dean. Whether they have the support of the students is only one of the factors the dean uses to measure his use value, and it is not even a factor. The most important factor.They want you because you can 
   manage
    students for them.This is the same as 
   independent directors
    who receive the salaries paid by major shareholders and company executives. They say they represent the interests of small and medium shareholders, but in fact they are just people who work for the company's real power.But Lockhart took advantage of this cunningly - he, not Dumbledore, told Percy the news, which meant that he himself had played a role in the matter, and Percy's gratitude Man becomes him.Dumbledore should have seen through his thoughts, but people no longer care about such trivial matters.
   Starting from next year, the authority of the student union will be expanded. I hope you can help me, so that no one else will leave the tea...
   The four people who were left behind exchanged glances, and all found the excitement in each other's eyes.Of all the students, they were the most politically oriented, and bothHave a desire.Seeing an opportunity to gain a higher status, they will not give upAfter getting first-hand information, the 
   truth
    of the monster in the Chamber of Secrets spread at the speed of light, and Dumbledore and Lockhart's counterattack plan officially kicked off.The first one to stand out was of course 
   Witch Weekly
   . Because of their 
   persistence in difficult times
   , after the Chamber of Secrets incident, they became the only magazine with the right to interview Lockhart.Different from Harry's straightforward description, when Lockhart was interviewed by 
   Witch Weekly
   , he specially created a more perfect and more sensational story for their audience, that is, the female monarch sheep.After all, witches are also women, and the way of thinking is still emotionally oriented, so Lockhart adopts a narrative method from a subjective perspective, and pays great attention to describing personal feelings in order to guide readers' emotions.In his narrative, the first object of his suspicion was Rubeus Hagrid, but after careful investigation, Lockhart found that he was actually a kind-hearted and kind-hearted man. A little white rabbit will not hurt.Not to mention the principal, the atmosphere among colleagues is also very harmonious. If there is a Garden of Eden in this world, it must be Hogwarts, and the guy who destroys this peace is absolutely unforgivable.As for the monster in the chamber of secrets and the mysterious black magic item, Lockhart described their ferocity in full detail, especially when he was attacked at Christmas, and he even exaggerated it to the fullest, making himself the 
   only one
    Survived the monster attack in the chamber of secrets
    was highlighted.Finally, he also 
   inadvertently
    mentioned the attacks on him in those newspapers and the impact of those attacks on him.
   When there is no way to enter the secret room, I can only choose to lead the snake out of the hole and useThe fact that I found the clue lured the insidious assailant to attack me.After learning what those people said about me, I was so exhausted physically and mentally that I didn't sleep almost the whole night-and this is something that Wan Lun's female ghost failed to do.I really can't figure out what I did wrong, or who I hindered...It can only be said that I am not strong enough, I can defeat a thousand or 1 dark creatures, but I can't deal with the unpredictable people's hearts.Fortunately, there is still your support, those warm words and the same warm people saved me.When I look up into the dark night, I can tell myself that I am not alone and that there is no need to be sentimental.What I have is not only the cold darkness, but also thousands of twinkling stars. 
   It can only be said that Lockhart is indeed born to eat this bowl of rice. Regardless of whether these words can move readers, anyway, the female reporter who came to interview him shed tears on the spot, embraced him emotionally, and vowed to say 
   
    Make those people pay the price
   Lockhart knew that even without her words, 
   Witch Weekly
    would not miss this opportunity to fight back, because the number of wizard readers is really too small.Chapter 110 The Cold War Between the MediaThe shareholders of The Witch Weekly were not enthusiastic about helping Lockhart restore his reputation, but they wanted to take this opportunity to snatch the 
   biggest circulation weekly
    from the Sunday Prophet.This is very important to them, because the wizarding media market is really too small, even the 
   Daily Prophet
    with the largest circulation is actually the same thing.There are only about 1 wizards in Britain, which is a few thousand family units. Even if each unit subscribes to the 
   Daily Prophet
   , according to the subscription price of 1 Nat 20 copy, the daily sales income of the newspaper office less than [-] galleonsThis amount of money is obviously not enough for a newspaper to survive, because not to mention printing and sales costs, even reporters and editors cannot support them.So it is very difficult for the wizarding media to survive.Because there are fewer people, the content they can report is far less abundant than the Muggle world, and the content is also highly homogeneous.In this case, a wizarding family only needs one or two subscriptions, which is basically enough.In other words, for every reader one newspaper gets, the other newspaper loses one, almost entirely a zero-sum market.The 
   Daily Prophet
    is not bad, because they have the largest circulation, so the advertising revenue is not bad, and with the appropriation from the Ministry of Magic, the newspaper can live very well.But like 
   Witch Weekly
   , it takes more thought to sell itself.Its biggest rival is not a daily such as the Daily Prophet, but the Sunday Prophet, which is also a weekly.Weekly and daily journals are generally quite different, with journals requiring to keep track of recent happeningsThe news can only report the event itself, without digging too deeply into the reasons behind an event. The core competitiveness is the timeliness and accuracy of news.But the weekly magazine is more like a summary of the major events that happened in a week, because the things published are not news, so the opinions and analysis of reporters and editors must be included in the publication.If a weekly magazine’s views are not novel enough, its style is not unique, its analysis is not deep enough, and its event discovery is difficult, then this weekly magazine is doomed to have no future.As long as the publicity is in place, the monster attack in the chamber of secrets at Hogwarts will definitely become a hot topic among the public. At the same time, the Daily Prophet newspaper does not dare to report on this matter in depth. Is there any better opportunity than this?Sure enough, when the 
   Witch Weekly
    was published in early March, there was an uproar in the wizarding world.There are quite a few wizards who want to know the complete story of the secret room incident because they are worried about their children, or because they miss their school days, or because they are simply curious.But the 
   Daily Prophet
   's three-pancake-sized page obviously couldn't meet their needs. In this case, 
   The Witch Weekly
    became their only source for understanding this matter.The interview about Lockhart is naturally published in full, because it not only introduces in detail the cause and effect of the monster attack in the chamber of secrets, but also uses various sensational methods to accuse certain 
   irresponsible rumormongers
    and 
    Unpredictable villainAlthough no one said it clearly, anyone with a discerning eye knew that this was criticizing the 
   Daily Prophet
    and the Ministry of Magic behind the 
   Daily
   .The editor-in-chief of 
   Weekly
    is very accurate. Although the article is full of accusations from beginning to end, there is not a single word that can be used as evidence for their 
   defamation of the Ministry of Magic
   . At least on the surface, it attacks Just the Daily Prophet...this is the arrogance of the big newspapers, they have always been clueless about the opinions of their readersdepending on.No matter how nonsense and deceitful they are, there is not even an apology afterwards.People who have been insulted to their feelings and IQ have nothing to do with them, and no matter who makes their source of income not rely on the publication itself. 
   If the dirty water of 
   Witch Weekly
    is to be poured into reality, then regardless of whether the 
   Daily Prophet
    is ignoring readers or not, people who 
   have been insulted to their feelings and IQ
    will definitely not just boycott the 
   Daily
   .Just like banks, credibility is the basic prerequisite for the survival of the media, and entertainment capabilities are an important addition. If it is already serious to be labeled as 
   looking down on readers
   , then 
   fraudulent deceit
    will directly endanger the foundation of this media. Home Daily will of course fight back.In addition to satirizing 
   The Witch Weekly
    for 
   a publication whose content is [-]% gossip and gossip, how dare you talk to people about its credibility
   , they also talked about 
   the boss of the media
   
   The original intention of our newspaper is to let the people care about the things they really should care about,
    said their editor-in-chief Barnabas Guffy.But their response to this matter is so far. It is really difficult to get the 
   Daily Prophet
    to apologize and admit their mistakes.Although the 
   Daily
    editorial department received a snowflake of protest letters and shouting letters.Then their approach was more conventional-they reported a series of more explosive news, trying to drown out the secret room incident.In many cases, public opinion is led by the media.After all, 
   
   people's words are awesome
   , the media only needs to keep reporting breaking news to effectively guide public opinion.— A piece of news can be replaced by another newer one, a scandal can be covered up by another bigger scandal.Many people are at the center of the verbal criticism because of this, but no one cares about what it is like, and no one cares about the real victims.What was hot news one week ago, people forget about it the next week.It may be true to say that the 
   Daily Prophet
    looks down on readers, but which media has ever looked down on readers?It is precisely because of this that the 
   Daily Prophet
    did not try to calm public opinion at all, but tried to discuss with the perpetrators so that they would stop making trouble.They knew very well that as long as Dumbledore and Lockhart stopped fighting, the matter would be settled soon.Bass Barna Goofy is a little annoyed now, because he was instructed by the Ministry of Magic to post the Rita Skeeter article, but now he is the one who is under pressure, and the Ministry of Magic has not expressed it at all. This is really too cool.He was so anxious to put the matter to rest that he had to compromise with Dumbledore on some matters.
   It's almost there.
    Lockhart said to Dumbledore, 
   We can't keep stalemate with the 
   Daily Prophet
   . They are all smart people, and they can see the attitude of the Ministry of Magic.
   Dumbledore nodded.Fudge is now in the stage of making mistakes. He knows that this is just one of Dumbledore's revenge methods, so he chose to be deaf to this wave of public opinion offensive.He knew that if Dumbledore went too far, or took too long to retaliate, then he would not get any real benefits.So he had to write to Dumbledore, symbolically relented, and then offered to make peace.So a week later there was an ad in the Daily Prophet -- HoggWatts' Chamber of Secrets has been repaired. Dumbledore is going to invite the Skeleton Orchestra to hold a grand concert in the Chamber of Secrets. If Hogwarts graduates want to attend, please make a reservation in advance.Chapter 110 Five Role ChangesTen days later, the two student chairmen handed over the counted appointment list to Lockhart... 177 people, which means that more than half of the wizarding people have come, right?Miss Farley? said Lockhart, looking at the list.He asked her because he found that nearly half of the people on the list were wizards who had graduated from Slytherin, and the head girl was also from Slytherin house.Gemma Falion, the chairwoman of the female students, raised her head:    Yes, including my parents.
   Hearing what she said, Lockhart looked down, and sure enough, he found the names of Fahe II and his wife on it.
   Very well, the work of receiving alumni this time will be heavy, and the two of you will have to shoulder a lot of work... Don't blame me for delaying your preparation for the NEWTs exam?
   
   Not at all.
    The two said in unison.As people who are about to graduate, they are most concerned about their future prospects, and their test scores are just a stepping stone on their future career path.They have already learned that the authority of the student union is about to be expanded. It is of course a good thing to be able to expand the authority in hand, but what makes them regret is that it is already the second half of the seventh grade. Even if the expansion is successful, they can only enjoy a few. monthly benefitsNow that they have the opportunity to receive so many dignitaries from the wizarding world at one time, this is far more important to them than the exam.Even if NEWTs fail all subjects, they will choose to seize the corresponding contacts first.Lockhart saw this - as long as the benefit was still hanging around, no matter what request he made now, the two student presidents would find a way to get it done.Here.For example, the expansion structure requested by Lockhart, these two people have already helped him figure it out, saving him a lot of trouble.After the expansion, the student union is still divided according to the college. The Disciplinary Committee was handed over to Hufflepuff, who is very principled, the self-education was left to Ravenclaw, and Gryffindor took the Propaganda Department. , and Slytherin took the finance department away.As for the most important organization department and external relations department, the four colleges compete for positions based on their own abilities.Which college is more capable of reorganizing itself and bringing more benefits to the student union will have a greater say.Although it seems fair, Slytherin is undoubtedly the biggest winner. It is a breeze for them who have mastered the finances to infiltrate other departments.But there is no way around this, because before the arrival of the story year, Slytherin has won the Academy Cup for many years. Although Gryffindor won it back once last year, Slytherin has more right to speak in general. a little more.Lockhart decided to respect the autonomy of these students. He did not express any objection to the expanded list submitted by the two chairmen, but simply expressed his approval.— On the one hand, it’s because he doesn’t want to get into trouble with the students, and on the other hand, it’s also because in this list, except for the prefects, the group of weekend party members in his office are basically in it, such as Cedric, Hermione, Roger , Eddie, and Justin Finlayry and Samuel Mason and the others.Originally, he wanted to bring Harry in, but the old bee disagreed, because he said he didn't want the savior to be stained with secular colors too early.After hearing this, Lockhart really wanted to show him Mark Twain's 
   The Man Who Corrupted Hadleyburg
   , but in the end he didn't.Sure enough, the savior must be pure, so let me handle these dirty thingsdo it.After reading the expanded personnel list and reception plan, Lockhart expressed his permissionTo put it bluntly, this graduates' return to school event is actually a donation party. A concert plus dinner reception actually doesn't cost much. Even if the tickets are charged, there is not much money.Although in essence this kind of behavior is no different from begging for food, begging has to be done implicitly these days.Forced donations for no reason will not only make people disgusted, but also make outsiders have a petty impression of Hogwarts, which is very harmful to Hogwarts' forced characterBut invitations in the name of 
   visiting the secret room
   , 
   holding a concert
    and 
   watching a duel match
    will reduce the smell of money on this matter a lot, even if everyone still knows it.Lockhart circled a few people on the list, and asked the two student council presidents to take care of them
   Mr. Malfoy, the richest in 
   28 Pure Bloods
   , Mr. Smith, the heir of Hufflepuff, Mr. Granger from the Association of Extraordinary Apothecaries, Mrs. Timms from the eel farm... I hope these people will be accompanied all the way , okay? 
   The two student chairmen both showed understanding expressions—these people were rich and powerful, and Professor Lockhart obviously planned to take advantage of them.While schools should treat all graduates equally, some are more equalAlthough it is a bit of a price to say so, there is no way to do it. Who made Hogwarts short of money.Although the two student presidents saw it, they had no intention of objecting.Just as Lockhart wanted to keep his 
   class
    at Hogwarts, so did the Head of Students.Although the student chairman is the principal's mouthpiece, he is also an 
   official
    after all.After they graduate, whether they go to work in the Ministry of Magic or other companies, they still have to start pretending to be grandchildren, no different from other students.But if you can take this opportunity to cultivate your own team, it will be another concept.They would not tell Dumbledore about these small thoughts, nor would they openly support Professor Lockhart's actions, but that was what they thought in their hearts.Although Dumbledore is great, bright, and righteous enough, some things are born based on human nature. Everyone has selfishness, and it is anti-human to blindly pay attention to political correctness.For Gemma Farley, although she still worships Lockhart emotionally as she did at the beginning of the semester, the worship at that time was more out of a girl's romantic fantasy, an angel in a halo, a ray of light Ten thousand zhang but indifferent, it can be seen from a distance without the possibility of contact.
   
   
Chapter 55   
   
   But after more than half a year of contact, she, like other students, gradually began to develop a new understanding of Lockhart, who is humorous, approachable, and capable.But only some students in Slytherin and Ravenclaw realize that this Professor Lockhart is also a man of calculation.Although the current Lockhart does not seem so dazzling to Gemma, he is truly flesh and blood, fresh and approachable, and his style of doing things is quite in line with the kind of 
   cultivation
    and 
   interests
    that his parents often teach. supremacy
   .These two charms are quite different.So after receiving the reception task, she stayed there specially.
   professor?
   
   Any thing else?
   
   My father wanted to meet you after hearing that you intend to enter politics.
    She said in a low voice, 
   I heard that you and the dean are also friends, right?
   People from the Snake faction actually want to get in touch with him?And after I just thwarted themWhen to depose Dumbledore's plan?Lockhart was a little surprised.
   I've never liked to have a bad relationship with anyone, nor would I refuse to communicate with anyone,
    Lockhart replied with an ambiguous sentence.Although he didn't think he had anything to do with the pure-blood family, he wouldn't offend them just yet.Even if you want to step on someone, it's not at this time. He is one of the 28 pure bloods anyway, so you have to show some face.PS Gemma Farley's family is also a member of 
   Holy 28 Pure Blood
   , which is usually translated as the Welfare Family, but because of the caliber of the translation, it makes people think that the Welfare Family and the Welfare Family are two different families, but they are actually the same , just like the Weasley family is translated as Wesley in Hong Kong and Taiwan.In fact, I personally like the translation of 
   Wesley
    better, and I don't know if it's because I read too many supernatural novels by Ni Kuang when I was a child.Chapter 110As many people look forward to this upcoming event at Hogwarts, as many people are uneasy about it.The most disturbing person among them is of course the current Minister of Magic, Cornelius FudgeAs a prominent figure in the wizarding world, of course he also received an invitation from Hogwarts, and he did agree to go to the meeting, but he was not in a good mood.Although receiving the invitation indicated that Dumbledore did not intend to turn against him for the time being, Dumbledore could use this to expand his influence, which made Fudge feel vigilant.But he thought for a long time but couldn't come up with a solution, because Dumbledore's move was justified.As the headmaster, Dumbledore certainly has the right to run Hogwarts, and the opening of the Chamber of Secrets is a rare event. Even if people regard the Chamber of Secrets as a tourist fee item, they can't say anything.However, compared with this small fight, he was more worried about the student union that Lockhart was going to expand.If the Student Union forms a political group that helps each other and takes root in the Ministry of Magic, then Dumbledore's people can quickly replace their own team and become truly unambiguous people.Even the mere thought of this possibility prevented Fudge from getting a good night's sleep.While he was thinking about this, there was a knock on his office door.
   Who is it?
    He asked impatiently.
   Your deputy minister, Dolores Umbridge.
    A voice came from the doorA shrill female voice.Fudge sighed:    Come in.
   The door opened, and a stocky woman in thick-soled square boots and a pink cardigan entered Fudge's minister's office 
   slimly
   —at least she thought so.Seeing her, Fudge had another headache.Although this deputy minister is very respectful to him and is a capable assistant, it is unacceptable that his aesthetic tendencies become more and more girlish after he gets older. Every time Fudge needs to do a long time of psychological It takes construction to get used to her style.
   Good morning, minister, did you read the Daily Prophet this morning?
    she asked in a tone of voice.
   See...
    said Fudge listlessly, and Mr. Mankley asked the Ministry of Magic to hold a seventh discussion on whether flying carpets were Muggle artifacts or vehicles.Umbridge grinned, which made her look even more like a toad. 
   You must know which news I'm talking about, dear Fudge.
   The 
   honey
    made Fudge goosebumps all over his body, so that he suddenly changed his mind, wanted to explain quickly, and then invited Umbridge out of his office.
   Should we still be talking to each other?
    said Fudge quickly. 
   We are all aware of the urgency of the matter, but there is nothing we can do.
   
   Powerless?
    Umbridge repeated. 
   That's not like something you'd say.
   
   Why, do I look like a very capable person?
    Fudge asked backI only know that you are the only one who has escaped from Dumbledore's controlhousekeeping. Umbridge complimented him. 
   No one has ever done it before.
    
   Fudge forced himself to laugh:    That's because he was negligent at that time...
   
   Then why is Dumbledore suddenly interested in politics again? If he's really as selfless as he says he is?
    Umbridge said emphatically.
   Maybe...he suddenly has something he wants to do, so he needs power?
    Fudge speculated, 
   If he wanted to be the Minister of Magic ten years ago, I am afraid that no one would be his opponent.
   
   You really overestimate him, Minister.
    Umbridge disagreed. 
   Power is not such an easy thing to grasp. Even if Dumbledore can fight, he is only a slightly better Auror. Commander We are always the ones who guide the Aurors and lead the progress of the wizarding world, he just has self-knowledge and knows that he doesn't understand politics, so he hides his clumsiness.
   
   Is that right?
   Although Fudge asked this question in a questioning tone, the joy on his face could not be concealed.
   Of course, I bet he's just using you, Fudge. He's using you as an experiment to implement his own policies. If it fails, it's all your fault. But if it succeeds, he jumps out and says it's all his. Idea...he must have thought so, I could tell right away.
    Umbridge's tone was very firm.Even if Fudge's sliver of reason told him that this was absolutely not the case, his subconscious forced him to believe Umbridge's words.Just like gossip, they can spread because the people who hear them tend to believe it, so there is a market for rumors.Umbridge's words are too sweet for Fudge, and denying this requires the courage and boldness to admit reality, neither of which Fudge has.
   So, what should we do? Stop him from running this alumni association?
    He began to ask Ji.
   No, direct conflict is not good for us, because they hold this event justifiably, and after hearing that there is a secret room in Hogwarts, many people can't help but want to see it. We can't stop it To be honest, even I want to go back and have a look.”
   So what to do?
    Fudge asked irritably.Umbridge slowly analyzed his own judgment for the Minister:    It's very simple...Since Dumbledore suddenly intervened in politics, and he himself has no desire to do so: then he must want to train another spokesperson next, And put him in the Ministry of Magic to take your place.   Although her voice was still full of artificiality, Fudge couldn't care less about it at this time, because his whole body was in a state of rising blood pressure after hearing this passage.
   Who? Who does he want to replace me with?
    Fudge asked.But before Umbridge could answer, he thought of the answer to the question himself.
   Ah... I thought of it... Who else could it be? Of course it's our heartthrob Mr. Lockhart!
    Fudge squeezed the words out of his mouth through gritted teeth.Seeing that he succeeded in provoking, Umbridge immediately shut his mouth tactfully, and let Fudge make excuses by himself.
   Damn bastard! Dumbledore wants to replace me with that guy who doesn't have any experience in politics and only has a face and a bad mouth?
    Fudge said bitterly to himself, 
   Don't let I found an opportunity...
   
   Perhaps there is such an opportunity...if you will give me authorization,
    said Umbridge suddenly.Fudge looked at her in surprise:    What are you referring to? That's Dumbledore, how could there be something for you to catch?
   
   If you are willing to give me the authority of Azkaban and the dementorsIf I give them command, I can get the right things out of their mouths. 
   Umbridge didn't cheat with him either. As far as I know, Dumbledore and Lockhart entered Azkaban Prison last year and communicated with several Death Eaters.
   Fudge's eyes lit up immediately:    You mean, they colluded with the Death Eaters to conspireRiot?That's great news. 
   Umbridge shook his head regretfully:    I'm afraid it's not that good, Minister. But I can ask the dementors for you. As long as we can catch them, we can discredit them.
   Hearing that her plan was so thorough, Fudge finally realized that his deputy minister had come prepared.
   ...Dolores, can I trust you?
    Fudge asked hesitantly.Of course, you can always trust me. ' said Umbridge, adding to his voice, 'I'm sure I'll ruin those two. 
   Seeing that Fudge was still hesitating, Umbridge couldn't help curling his lips inwardly.Although she doesn't say it on the surface, she actually doesn't think much of this fat man who is timid in doing things.The power struggle is cruel, it is life and death, and it requires people to do everything they can, but this guy in front of him obviously lacks that kind of ruthlessness and decisiveness.Although Umbridge likes pink girly colors, lace clothes and cat decorations, but when it comes to viciousness, she is no less than anyone else, even including the name that cannot be mentioned.But who made her weak in magic power?Fudge hesitated for a long time, and finally began to consider the means:    You are right, Dolores... But how should we operate?
   Leave it to me in Mangkozkaban, as for Hogwarts... how about Rita Skeeter?She is my sister in the dormitory when I was in school, and our relationship has always been very good.
   I remember her,
    said Fudge. 
   She did a decent job last time, but how's her scouting?
   
   There is nothing in this world that she can't find out, as long as you pay enough.
    Umbridge sneered.PS It's the end of the month. . .If you have guaranteed blades and a monthly pass, don't let it rot in your bag, just vote!Chapter 110 Seven Duel Related Industry ChainAfter the haze of the Chamber of Secrets attack dissipated, in order to eliminate the impact of this series of events as soon as possible, the professors at Hogwarts agreed to use a series of programs to dilute the previous tense atmosphere.Among these programs, the most interesting one is the duel club's annual competition.The Chamber of Secrets after the war was renovated7 by Dumbledore and incorporated into the school's protection magic, Parseltongue, and Myrtle's bathroom at the entrance was also redecorated.In order to let the guests have a better experience, the toilet in the bathroom was dismantled to only a small compartment because of unsightly reasons, and the door of the compartment was sealed tightly with cement, only ghosts can Going in and out is to leave the last bit of dignity for Myrtle, the earth-bound spirit.Although the faucet mechanism in the bathroom was retained, the password was replaced by Dumbledore using the headmaster's authority to 
   Slytherin will help you reach the peakThere is also a small episode here—originally Dumbledore wanted to use 
   sugar mouse
    as the password for the secret room, but was persuaded by Snape desperately.The fact that the people in the Chamber of Secrets were found to be from the Outer Court alone was already embarrassing to the Slytherins.If the password of the Slytherin Chamber of Secrets was really changed to Sugar Mouse, then the last fig leaf in the Snake Yard might be ripped off.Don't you see, until now, the people in the Snake Court have not admitted that it is the secret room that Harry Potter and the others discovered.The glory of his own college was trampled by Gryffindor, the mortal enemy. The result would be worse than that the Chamber of Secrets had never been discovered.Therefore, the Slytherins would rather claim to the outside world that it was all thanks to Lockhart for discovering the Chamber of Secrets than admit that there were three lion cubs involved.to make them feel betterIn their view, in front of the monster in the chamber of secrets in Slytherin, the three second-year students can do nothing. It was Lockhart, the 
   seasoned
    adventurer.Seeing that the time was gradually approaching mid-February, in order not to delay the final exams and wizard qualification exams, Lockhart started the duel club's quarter-finals knockout round ahead of schedule. Time to hold it again.The students probably also know that this is the last leisure time before the end of the semester, so those who are eligible to participate are very concerned about this, even if it is not for the last reward, it is good to show the limelight in front of the students.And the one who cares most about this is Slytherin House.Because the secret room was discovered by people from the outer court, the little snakes felt ashamed, so they paid special attention to the duel competition held in the secret room, and vowed to win the championship and runner-up in every grade, and show the snake courtyard to the visiting guests. glory.As far as Lockhart knew, the prefect even led the establishment of a 
   Duel Honor Committee
    within the Snake Academy, and the sole purpose of this committee was to help the members of the Snake Academy defeat their opponents in duels as much as possible.For this reason, they do not hesitate to bribe referees to threaten their opponents, inquire about news, use money to buy magical creatures and items, etc., and strive to decide the outcome before the duelThe Gryffindors were not to be outdone when they learned about it, and they set up a 
   Snake Roast Club
    against each other.Although this kind of behavior made the duel match a lot of gunpowder, it did make the match a lot more exciting, and even changed the ecology of the duel.Originally, during the long points competition, the first and second grade students could use theThere are not many high-power spells, and almost every game needs to be played for 5 minutes to determine the winner.As for the senior students, under Lockhart's special reminder, almost everyone has learned basic spells such as stun spell, disarm spell, and obstacle spell, so they can often end the battle within ten seconds of the opening.But when the Slytherin 
   Duel Council
    also got involved, the nature of things changed.An excellent anti-magic shield is enough to make a senior student give up the possibility of using spells to attack directly, and a low-grade student who lacks attack power can also show a good ability to end the game in a duel with the help of props , not to mention that the Slytherins also raised funds to buy enhancers, intelligence enhancers and various other potions.Given that their dean is a master of potions, it may not be easy for them to do such a small trick.The dueling parties had to start using every method they could think of to face the duel, instead of simply spelling each other.Therefore, the nature of the duel has changed at this time - the people participating in the duel are not only competing for personal qualities, but also competing for the family background, financial resources, and connections of both parties. The organized party is destined to gain more advantages.Undoubtedly, the two Wesley twin brothers did the most excessive work. Their newly developed two kinds of fireworks boxes can be said to be both offensive and defensive.Whether it is the automatic tracking firework box for defense or the salamander firework for offense, these two kinds of fireworks have not been cracked by the little wizard of Tianke Slytherin so far.Most magical creatures are afraid of fire, so they basically shrink back after seeing fireworks, and the runes engraved on the fireworks boxes are also strong enough to resist many small curses.As for the offensive fireworks developed by Fred and George imitating the salamander's sense of smell and tongue structure, it is even more imba, because even if you hold an anti-magic shield to block it, it is useless, because the fireworks will bounce around after shattering and can always go around Your defenses are weak.For this reason, Fred and George made a small fortune—even though they raised the price of fireworks to 5 Galleons a box, the supply was still in short supply.The two of them announced on principle that the fireworks would not be sold to Slytherin, ifIt is used in a duel against Slytherin, and they will give each other a [-]% discount.Percy was very annoyed by this because he thought his two younger brothers were taking advantage of itEven if these fireworks do not make people unconscious after hitting people, and the degree of pain is no more than that of being hit by an obstacle spell, the technical content and magic power contained in this thing are far higher than the normal level of magic items.He wanted to ban these things, but was stopped by Lockhart.
   Anyway, they didn't do anything beyond the rules.
    Lockhart comforted Percy and said, 
   As long as their lives are not in danger, let them go.
   
   
   
Chapter 56   
   
   
   But if we don't do it this time, they will go too far in the future. It's fireworks today, and maybe some other weird stuff tomorrow.
    Percy said in a muffled voice, 
   and the Slytherins won't Let it go, they will definitely find something stronger than the Peruvian stealth bomb to deal with them... I remember this is called 
   arms race
    in the Muggle world
   Lockhart smiled even wider.
   Isn't that better?
    he said.
   Better?
    Percy wondered.
   Competition leads to development. If we don't let them spend more energy on this, how can we make this an industry?
   
   industry?
   
   Or in other words, interest groups.
    Lockhart inspired him. 
   Didn't you find that the deans of the major colleges didn't say a word about this change?
   Hearing his reminder, Percy couldn't help but froze.Yeah, why?Not only did Slytherin get honors, but Dean Snape also made a lot of money by making potions.Although Professor Sprout cares about the students of the irrigation school no less than others, the greenhouse where she grows herbs has been frequently visited by students recently, and those students obviously do not just help her clean up goblins and fertilize and weed.Professor Flitwick was delighted at the sudden increase in the number of students who came to ask for advice on spells. In his words, 
   Half of the time you spend studying duels is spent on spells. Last year, W.Ls spells learned There will not be so few people.
   As for Professor McGonagall, the same is true. After the senior students began to use the spell armor, causing the stun spell and the crushing spell to no longer work easily, some students began to try to use transfiguration on the stage of the senior grade.Thinking of this, Percy raised his head, seeming to understand what Lockhart meant.PS Everything else is easy to say, everyone can understand it by himself, but it doesn't make sense to say that Umbridge is 
   loyal to Fudge
   .Umbridge has tried many times in the past to develop a relationship with her boss in order to gain power - but she usually doesn't care who her boss is.Moreover, when Fuji was in power, she would do things for Fuji, and when Fuji stepped down, she would still be attached to the party and powerful. It can be seen that the object of her loyalty is power, not a certain person.In the central setting, Umbridge will only show her true face as an extreme bloodist after drinking, and in order to pretend that she is a pure-blood, she uses her authority to fire her father who sweeps the floor in the Ministry of Magic, because it will make herself ashamed.Although the pendant of Slytherin may have affected her later, but... she was already like that before the pendant affected her, and it can only be said that the smell is similarChapter 110 Eight Benefits of DeliveryAfter Percy figured it out, the duel rules were upgraded again under the discussion of the club's referee team.
   Each person is only allowed to carry a total of no more than three magic items or magic creatures before the match, and must report to the referee and the teacher on duty before the duel to determine whether it is appropriate.
   Although Percy thought he was perfect, someone came to his door.Professor McGonagall felt very strange, because she thought that Lockhart would directly ban these magic items and creatures, and only keep the magic armor.Because of the duel, the little lions and little snakes have recently begun to frequently bring in some contraband from outside the school through Hogsmeade and owls.Although things like fang flying saucers, combo boomerangs, and sneeze powder can only be regarded as pediatrics, things like fireworks and stealth bombs have begun to make Professor McGonagall frown.It's just that she couldn't accuse Lockhart of anything, so she didn't say anything.But when a claw hook that can dissociate stones and a diamond jewelry that can release fireballs were also detained by Filch, Professor McGonagall finally couldn't sit still.
   Gidero, I don't think you can do that,
    she said to Lockhart.
   Just keep the armor.
   
   What a coincidence that you came, Severus just came and said that armor should not be used in the duel field, because in reality no one walks with those things every day.
    Lockhart said with a smile.
   But why?
    Professor McGonagall was puzzled.For the money - of course Lockhart couldn't say that.
   It's going to be very hard for us to promote Defense Against the Dark Arts without the involvement of the interested parties, you know, the students wouldn't have come if there wasn't a duelstudy theseProfessor McGonagall raised her voice, 
   You're making a business of it?
   
   Indeed.
    Lockhart admitted bluntly, 
   Only when some magic items are allowed to be used on the dueling platform, can we get sponsorship from the corresponding merchants.
   
   Not everything can be used as a business, Gilderoy.
    Professor McGonagall said sharply, 
   You are playing with fire.
   
   But, Dark Wizard...
   But dark wizards will certainly use all kinds of things, so it is also necessary to teach students how to deal with various magical items and creatures' - you want to say that? 
   Professor McGonagall preemptively said what Lockhart wanted to say.Lockhart also acted very bachelor:    ...indeed, you are right.
   He hopes to use this healthy development method to make the Hogwarts Dueling Club a stage for performances.This stage is not only to show the students' anti-black magic quality, but also to show some props that can resist black magic or can be used for self-defense.This is not only beneficial to the development of Defense Against the Dark Arts, but more importantly, it allows the entire wizarding society to participate in this activity. Those magic item merchants will definitely not mind using this stage for publicity.The Snake Academy and the Lion Academy want to show their strength and win honors, the Eagle Academy wants to research more practical magic against spells, and the puff wants to eat more melons... and the Duelist Club can give them all these things.Those who sell props, those who sell magical creatures, those who manage the media, and those who accumulate administrative experience for future political careers... When these interest groups are formed, even if someone from the Ministry of Magic wants to attack the Duelist Club, it will only be the one who will be unlucky in the end People who hinder everyone's interests.
   Not only those non-offensive magic items and magic creatures below 3X, I will also allow little wizards to use broomsticks in duels, and allow non-damagingSex potions...if all goes well, I also hope that in the future there will be an 
   foreign aid
    mechanic where students can invite humanoids - such as centaurs, goblins,House elves, ghosts, one by one, will be your dueling assistants, but of course werewolves, vampires, female ghosts and giants can't...
   
   You're crazy!
    Professor McGonagall yelled in disbelief, 
   For this business, you actually want to introduce unknown origin...
   
   This is for the unity of intelligent life in the magical world.
    Lockhart corrected, 
   It's not about money.
   But Lockhart himself is very clear that when a person says 
   it's not about the money
   , the problem is often the money, or not enough money.Professor McGonagall finally left in a huff. She was going to report the situation to Professor Dumbledore and express her attitude.But she didn't know that this was also what Dumbledore meant.Dumbledore is not politically conservative. 
   Never refuse to change because of our ordinaryness
    is his consistent creed.Although he may not be sure how effective Lockhart's handwriting will be, he doesn't mind giving it a try, since he's not afraid of taking responsibility anyway.Therefore, after Lockhart revealed his reasons for doing so, Dumbledore not only did not object, but even encouraged him to take a bigger step.Although Professor McGonagall is very responsible, her trip is destined not to get the results she expected, maybe Dumbledore will persuade her in turn.No matter how powerful Dumbledore is in the political world, anyway, at Hogwarts he is absolutely right and what he says is what he says.After sending away Professor McGonagall, the old lioness, Lockhart thought he would not be disturbed by the people of the Lion House, but a young lioness knocked on Lockhart's door againHearing the knock on the door, Lockhart had no choice but to put down the pen and paper in his hand for the third time.He couldn't finish writing the plan today.
   Hermione? What a rare visitor, why would you want to come to see me? What would you like to drink? Tea? Pumpkin juice? Coke? Or iced lemonade?
   Lockhart was a little taken aback by the visitor, as it was the first time he had seen Hermione alone since the Chamber of Secrets incident.
   Tea is fine... no need to add milk, thank you!
   Because she had been to Lockhart's office many times before to participate in club activities, and Lockhart was always very easy-going, so Hermione was not as restrained as she was the first time, but rather relaxed.She looked around at Lockhart's office, and found that there were a few more luxurious accessories than last week, and she had a more intuitive understanding of Lockhart's financial strength.That's good, such a rich person shouldn't mind... right?
   That's right, professor... I wonder if you hired someone to take care of your life when you were working?
    She asked directly what she wanted to ask.Lockhart raised his eyebrows:    No, but this is Hogwarts, and the house elves are happy to help me with some housework.
   
   That's what I'm talking about...
    Hermione hurriedly followed Lockhart's words, 
   That is to say, when you lived off-campus, no one came to help you with laundry and housework?
   Lockhart thought back to the flat he had rented in London, then shook his head.Well, yes, I live in London, I wouldn't dare ask Muggles to come into my house to clean, in case they touch something they shouldn't touch, and I happen to be away. oo what, are you planning on summer vacation Work-study program? 
    Lockhart asked deliberately.Hermione shook her head hastily.
   It's not me! It's a house-elf called Dobby, originally MalfoyIt's home, but Malfoy gave him a sock... Anyway, it's been looking for a new job lately. 
   Lockhart knew what she meant by asking: Newell means you want to introduce him to work with me, don't you?It's really unimaginable, it's not that ancient aristocratic families generally don't have house elves, although there are more than one Malfoy family, but just abandoning the ownership of house elves... he won't have any problems, right?    
   There's nothing wrong with him.
   Hermione was a little guilty when she said this, because she remembered the scene where Dobby tried desperately to get into the fireplace when he talked to Harry about Malfoy.
   He just has a...uh...bad.../
    bug, even though Ron says it's a fucking bug...
   
   what?
   
   He wants wages! So it's not very easy to find a job these days.
   Lockhart smiled:    So that's it, it's not a big problem. Let him talk to me about how much he wants to pay. To be honest, what a bachelor like me hates most is doing housework.
   Chapter 110 IX The Status of the House-ElvesTo be able to hire a house elf for a little money, to be honest, this is no longer a question of whether to make money, but a question of how much money is made.House elves have a strong ability to cast spells, not to mention the unfathomable wandless spellcasting and apparition that ignores Voldemort's prohibition, such as manipulating Bludgers, sealing magic channels, and disarming Lucius Malfoy. It's not something an ordinary wizard can do.To put it bluntly, the magical ability of house elves is probably not inferior to some adult wizards, such as the weak chicken Lucius Malfoy.And from the 
   Goblet of Fire
    plot, the Ministry of Magic suspected that the house-elf Winky used Harry's wand and used it to cast the Dark Mark. Judging from the fact that the house-elves can actually use the wand, it's just that the wizard doesn't let them use it. .It's just because it is a race 
   created by wizards
   , so it must have the owner's permission before it can cast spells.From this point of view, wizards’ neglect and contempt for house-elves is not without reason.” Even if they can perform some magic that even wizards don’t know, it’s the same, because they are just a “tool” from the beginningJust like humans treat AI and robots created by themselves, even if AlphaGo defeats humans and achieves things that humans cannot do in Go, no one will really regard AlphaGo as an equal 
    people
   It's a pity that Lockhart is a 
   person without the dignity of a wizard
   , so he doesn't discriminate against the magic of house elves at all, and he even covets it for a long time. Even if Hermione doesn't come to him, he still wants to have one. The house-elf came out.But the magic of creating the original house-elves wasn't so easy to do.Lockhart checked the spellbook and found that the prerequisite for creating a house-elf wasYou must first own a big house that is old enough to turn it into a magic house.Then you have to wait for hundreds of years to let this magic house slowly generate self-awareness, and then use a spell to solidify the consciousness of this magic house in the body that is also created by the spell, and restrain it, This is how a house-elf is created.So 
   Even if you are an upstart and have a lot of money, but you can't get things like house elves, it is the threshold that symbolizes ^ldmneyJ, family in wizarding society.If there is no way to create a house elf by yourself, you can only wait for house elves from other families to reproduce naturally, and then buy its offspring yourself.But this is also very difficult, because the buyer raising elves is buying someone else's ancestral property.Even if they want to do it from the shabby households, the house elves and ancestral houses are the last ones that will be considered for sale.Therefore, Hermione came to ask Lockhart to hire Dobby this time, which was actually in Lockhart's favor.House elves like Dobby and Kreacher, because they came from ancient aristocratic families, they have been the result of multiple generations of reproduction, so the binding spells of the first generation were already very weak.■■■EASAlthough they still have to obey some of the rules of the house elves, servility is no longerIt is not as strong as the first generation and the second and third generation, but already has a lot of independent thoughts and consciousness, so it is possible to make some actions that misinterpret the master's order.To get their true allegiance, you have to give them more freedom, care, equality and autonomy.It's as if Kreacher has served so many masters, but when he avenged the Battle of Hogwarts, he still shouted revenge for Regulus instead of Mrs. Black, Sirius, Bella, and Narcissa.Lockhart was mentally prepared for this.Hermione was delighted to hear Lockhart say 
   no problem
   .
   Great, I thought...you are really different from those wizards.
    She said happily.At this time, Lockhart was totally taking advantage of it and pretending to be good:    It's okay, my father is also a Muggle, and my primary school is also on the Muggle side. I don't have that kind of prejudice.
   
   I know.
   For this girl who has read Lockhart's autobiography, let alone Lockhart's background, she may even remember which company produced the pacifier he held in his mouth when he was a child.Seeing her like this, Lockhart was relieved a lot.It seems that after Hermione recovered her memory, she didn't worry about gains or losses, nor did she shrink back, but everything was as usual.
   It seems that you have recovered... That's good. If you have any troubles in the future, you can come and ask me anytime.
   
   In the future? Including after you go to the Ministry of Magic?
   When it comes to buying people's hearts, Lockhart has always been straightforward:    Of course, I mean, at any time, you can treat it as if you have an extra pen pal... Also don't tell other people my address, my address is blocked Curse, other people's owls can't find mine
   Absolutely not.
   Looking at Hermione's appearance, she seemed to hear the headmaster announce that Christmas will be celebrated every day in the future.After getting Lockhart's approval, Audio-Technica brought Dobby to Lockhart the next day.After resigning from the Malfoy family, the elf looked for a job everywhere, but the wizarding family - after hearing that it wanted a salary, gave him a rejection.They would rather spend money on pets than spend this kind of 
   wasted money
   , especially this kind of wronged money that will embarrass themselves.
   
   
Chapter 57   
   
   Because of this, Dobby also recognized the status quo-freedom is not cheap, and getting freedom is not cheap.From now on, all the choices you make will be your own responsibility.In front of Lockhart, Dobby seemed a little awkward at first, but when Harry Potter assured him that Lockhart was definitely a good person, Dobby's trust in Lockhart suddenly rose a lot.Lockhart noticed that although Dobby claimed that he was already a free elf, the traces of being enslaved by the Malfoy family still remained on him, and he seemed extremely awkward when talking about wages, just like those young people who have just become up masters It's the same when Guadanzi asks Party A for moneyLike players in English football clubs, they talk about their salaries on a weekly basis, even if they are not paid on a weekly basis.
   Let's take a look. I remember that the weekly salary of Lihen Bookstore's clerk is 10 galleons. We also calculated according to this-the basic salary is 10 galleons, but because I can't buy you unemployment insurance, pension insurance, Medical insurance, so it is calculated based on an extra 30% of salary. As for transportation and communication expenses, because you can apparate, I don’t need to spend this money, so I should supplement it for you, but I will cover it for you at the same time Food and lodging, this part is equivalent to...In this way, the weekly salary is 13 galleons, one day off a week, and you are allowed to take half a month of paid annual leave every year, how about it. 
   Chapter 120 Lockhart's view on mate selectionRegarding Lockhart's condition, Harry and Hermione nodded repeatedly, thinking it was very fair, and Ron was even a little envious. It seemed that he wished he could work with Lockhart too.But Dobby was taken aback:    Uh...you don't need so much, sir. One galleon a week and one day off every month are enough. Dobby prefers work to wages! Work makes me happy!
   …if the world was full of reverse bargaining employees like you, the capitalists would probably go to heaven with joy.Lockhart thought.
   Dobby!
    Hermione was very surprised. 
   That's too little!
   
   A lot! Dobby needs wages to buy clothes and socks, but other than that, Dobby doesn't need anything! Dobby can eat bugs!
    Dobby took the initiative to lower his price.
   Eating bugs?
    Lockhart made a disgusted expression, 
   It's better not to, although I don't have a clean freak, but I don't allow too many bugs in my house... If you want to apply, then I have to follow my meal arrangement, carbohydrates, protein, fiber, and vitamins must be taken into account... But I hope you don’t eat pork in front of me. In order to keep fit, I have been on a diet. 
   
   My God!
    Dobby was so moved that he shed tears, 
   Sure enough, people are divided into groups. You are so kind and generous! Great Harry Potter, his friends are just as great! Dobby Than can actually eat pork.
   Not to mention Harry, even Lockhart was a little puzzled this time:    Is pork very precious?
   But Ron shrugged:    Wild boars and domestic pigs are difficult to transform with magic, so making pork is much more time-consuming and expensive than making mutton... My mother saidI don't really like making pork chops.After hearing this sentence, for some reason, Harry suddenly remembered the scene where Hagrid failed to turn his cousin Dudley into a pig, but made him grow a pig's tail.Well, Hagrid, I know why now.Because of Dobby's strong resistance to salary, even fighting to the death, Lockhart was embarrassed to add terms such as confidentiality agreement and advance notice before resignation.Lockhart gave his reasons for establishing these terms, and Dobby agreed, and the matter was settled.Witnessed by the trio, Lockhart and Dobby signed an employment contract in triplicate as a formalHowever, due to Dobby's strong insistence, his weekly salary was still set at one Galleon, but Lockhart added some bonus clauses to it—but if Dobby did well, his weekly salary should be able to Reach 3-4 gold coins.As 
   notaries
    with Hermione, they also took a contract in their hands.
   It's unbelievable.
    Hermione still felt a little aggrieved, 
   You actually lowered your salary...Are house elves as miserable as Dobby?
   Ron curled his lips:    Just be content, the other house elves won't even get a contract.
   Hermione sighed:    Fortunately, only those ancient wizard families have them, and there are not many of them. There are not many elves that we need to rescue in the future.
   Ron showed an incredible expression:    Rescue? Let's not talk about that... But Hogwarts also has house elves? And there are hundreds of them.
   
   ?
    Hermione's eyes widened immediately.
   
    It's in the kitchen... You don't think that everything we eat every day is created by magic?Fred and George can often see them there when they go out to the kitchen at night. 
   Hermione stopped suddenly.
   We've been enjoying it with peace of mind?
    she asked in disbelief.Harry and Ron looked at each other, and each could see their voices in each other's eyes./W/Lb'Yes, we can rest easy.Hermione looked at the contract in her hand, and suddenly thought, 
   We should let all the house elves get such an employment contract, this can be used as a template.
   Harry and Ron sighed and they knew Hermione was having another whim.
   It's impossible.
    Ron shrugged. 
   Not to mention that none of us are willing to pay for it, and they are themselves... You can find a chance to ask them, and they probably don't want to be free.
   
   Nonsense, of course they want freedom, look at Dobby.
    Hermione said without hesitation, 
   And aren't there good people like Professor Lockhart and Dumbledore among wizards?
   
   The question is whether every house-elf is as weird as Dobby, and not all of them are like Lockhart and Dumbledore...wealthy enough to not care about the elf's employment fee, and not too much to care about what others think of them. his opinion.
   Ron stopped in time, so he didn't say the word 
   weird
   .Then again, all Ravenclaws are kind of weird, and they really don't care much about what other people think.Hermione disagreed:    Let's wait and see, even if you don't support me, Lockhart will support me.
   Harry and Ron stuck out their tongues behind her, and the helpless expressions of the two brothers were exactly the same.Lockhart didn't know that the contract he drafted was being used as a template again.But even if he knew, he would just laugh it off, not proud of it.Because it's not something to be proud of.As a species that can apparate freely at Hogwarts, Dobby soon got his first job - returning to Lockhart's house in London and cleaning it, and delivering a message to Lockhart's mother , Tell her that now her own family has become a family with house elves.Although it is the kind of salary.Lockhart didn't care what others thought of him for 
   breaking the rules
    and paying the house-elves their wages.Anyway, under this capitalist employment relationship, the lower-class workers seem to be free, but in fact the superiors’ ability to exploit and control the lower-class workers is expanding rather than shrinking.Money is just a symbol of value. Even if they scatter the money, the money will still flow back to them through various means, so it is not worth mentioning. What they really need to pay attention to is the control over the channel and the underlying ecology. After this, no matter how much money you spend, you can rely on others to earn back for yourself.The employment relationship not only relieves the moral burden of those in power, but also exempts them from their responsibilities to the lower levels—anyway, if they can’t do the work, they can be fired, and what they pay is only what means very little to them. money.It looks like a loss, but it is actually a huge profit. Lockhart can't wait for more good things like this.It's just that not long after he sent Dobby home, Dobby returned to his office with Mrs. Lockhart's message.
   It's a good thing to have a house-elf take the initiative to go to him, but it's nothing compared to your current achievements. On the contrary, I once said that I want you to find someone to take care of yourself. That's not what you mean. You should find someone quickly.
    Good girl to marry, not find a house-elf, you're not too young. 
   The urging from his mother immediately let Lockhart know that there are some things that cannot be avoided, but he still doesn't want to find someone to make it through, because he is too arrogant.Don't look at him like the king of the sea, he is polite to all ladies, but at the same time, he doesn't look down on any woman who can be deceived by his sweet wordsBecause they are so stupid.Life is a painful process of self-reform, you can enjoy yourself in time, a cup of milk tea today and sleep until you wake up naturally tomorrow, but for those who stay in place like this, Lockhart may appreciate the other party's 
   free and easy
    and 
   Small luck
    attitude towards life, but from the bottom of my heart, I look down on each other.As for some other women, they have a strong sense of fame and fortune, and they can beat their heads and blood for those vanity, but turn a blind eye to those who really care about her, and would rather indulge in the flattery of others and covet their flesh. The Brain Man Lockhart had also seen a lot, and looked down on even more.It's not that pursuing material things is bad, but at least you have to be smart enough to know what's most important, right?So at the end of the development, Lockhart's pursuit of a life partner is only left with the most important two - no vanity, no superficiality.Of course, apart from that, the more beautiful the person, the better. Lockhart is also somewhat confident about his current appearance.However, until now, he had never found such a woman.Perhaps he could maintain a good relationship with many witches or even a relationship beyond friendship, but even if the physical distance between the two parties was negative, those women had never been close to his heart.You could say that Lockhart is too narcissistic, or too demanding, but he really doesn't want to give in.Wizards live much longer than Muggles, even if they get married at 30 and live to one or twoCentenarians can be found everywhere, so is he going to spend the next 100 years with a woman he despises day and night?It is precisely because of Lockhart's view on mate selection that he has never married until now, and he doesn't even have a true soul mate.As for the urging marriage from his mother, Lockhart decided to use the way of working to avoid it.
   I'm too busy. I have to prepare lessons, arrange matters for the Dueling Club, and also be one of the school representatives to receive the upcoming guests. Let's talk about this in the middle of the year.
   He tried to use this kind of rhetoric to get away temporarily, but he also knew that he could escape for a while, but he couldn't escape for a lifetime.Even though he was still in the haze of the secret room a few days ago, on the morning of February 2th, Lockhart still received a mountain of fan greeting letters and Valentine's Day cards, occasionally mixed with a few small square boxes containing hair. Bear toys, rose ornaments, chocolates and all kinds of textiles woven with human hair.Although it is good to be an idol all the time, one day he still has to form a real family. It is actually difficult for a politician without a 
   family
    to gain a foothold in politics, because it is not close enough to the people and it is not easy for voters to empathize.He shook his head and decided to put this worrying matter behind him.Chapter 120: A World Where Rational People SufferAt the end of March, the Duelist Club's semi-finals were finally completed.In order to avoid the ranking error caused by the disparity in strength, Lockhart used the double-elimination system. Although this will increase the number of games a lot, considering the purpose of establishing the club, this is not a bad thing.Slytherin became the biggest winner of the duel duel by virtue of its organizational advantages, won the championship and runner-up of the third and fifth grades in seven grades, and entered the finals in all five grades at the same time. .Relatively speaking, the Lion Court is a bit miserable.Although they also won the first and second places in a year with Harry Potter and Hermione Granger in the second grade, but other than that, there are only George Weasley in the fourth grade and Oliver Wood in the sixth grade. Made it to the final.It seems that the lack of organization is indeed a big problem. After all, the temporary spontaneous anti-snake club is still no match for the foresighted unity of others.For this reason, the little lion's family was reprimanded by the parents.These lion faction parents are very reluctant to see their children lose to the snake faction young people, the competition between the two factions can be said to be everywhere.   You lack unity and organization, and you can't just think about your individual abilities. Whether it's a lion or a griffin, when you hunt, you hunt in groups.
    Their parents warned.But the most surprising thing is not the Lion Academy, but the Eagle Academy. Among the seven grades, only Samuel Mason in the - grade entered the final grade finals, and the rest of the grades were all wiped out.You know, even the Guanyuan School has fourth-grade student Cedric Diggory and seventh-grade student Kevin Hopwood both entering the finals, and this is still in the finals.Kevin Hopwood was distracted from the UK Gobstone Championships.Although Professor Flitwick usually treats people with a smile, after seeing this result, he still covered his face in pain.He was also a duel champion when he was young, but the performance of the students in his school in the duel made him feel ashamed.In fact, in the top eight, the number of people selected by the Eagle Academy can completely compete with the other ones, at least not less than that of the Swollen Academy, and even in the top four, it is not far behind the Lion Academy. When courageous, Yingyuan was defeated.It seems that in terms of maintaining the honor of the academy, these little eagles are not determined to go all out.In the sixth grade class, Flitwick tapped on the small blackboard and got angry rarely.
   Rhythm! Rhythm! Where did Rhythm go? I can understand your desire to protect yourself wisely, but why did your own rhythm get messed up after your enemy showed determination?
   For the competition in the Dueling Club, he actually secretly taught some tricks of using magic power. From small to small, the spells are gradually enlarged, and when they cast high-power spells, they will be more layered and segmented. Broaden, and when you use a small spell, it becomes more powerful.What annoys him the most is that at the last moment of the duel, when the opponents from other schools start to exchange injuries with them, showing their determination to win the victory despite everything, the Kitty Eagles will become cautious and worry about gains and losses, and then Some are timid and out of rhythm.In fact, as long as they continue to keep calm and cast spells at their own pace, the opponent will have no chance at all.The little hawks were speechless—after all, we are all human beings, not cold machines. Calmness is easy to say: but there are few people who can still remain calm in a critical situation.Besides, it's just a college club activity, and the prize is just a relatively rare magic. As long as you figure out the principle, you can cast it yourself, and you don't need to hurt yourself.Under this mentality, Ravenclaws, known for their rationality, would naturally not compete for this championship.As the dean, Flitwick is very clear about the mentality of Ravenclaws, but he has no way to solve it, because this is completely a    systematic contradiction
    of Ravenclaws.He can't tell the students that you should also learn from the Lion Academy and the Snake Academy, and regard honor as your life, right?In that case, is Ravenclaw still Ravenclaw?During lunch, Professor Flitwick found Lockhart and told him about his distress.
   You see, we Ravenclaws don't lack courage—after all, you are also from our college. But are we going to watch other colleges beat us in this project in the coming days?
   Hearing the old dean's question, Lockhart put down the fork in his hand.
   I'll go back to the common room in the evening, if you don't mind, and I have something to say,
    he said.Flitwick was overjoyed:    You want to convince them? That would really help
   It can't be regarded as persuasion, but I just analyze it for them. I don't know the result.
    Lockhart smiled.Although he had promised nothing, Flitwick could sense his confidence in his tone.So Flitwick simply ignored Lockhart's self-deprecating words:    ...you can tell them about your journey from a Ravenclaw to a master adventurer, so they may become braver.
   Quite the contrary, I'm going to solve problems the Ravenclaw way.lockhart heartSay.Because the Eagle Academy has no password, no matter whether it is a professor or a student, as long as they can answer the knocker's question, they can enter, so Lockhart didn't ask Flitwick about the password at all.Originally, he wanted to sneak in with the students, but he could answer the question asked by the door knocker, so he went straight there.
   Excuse me
    can those two words (wrds) contain a thousand letters (letters)?
   Lockhart did not hesitate:    The Owl House (wlHuse, letter^ means 
   letter
   ). 
   The knocker opened the door and let Lockhart in.So when the afternoon classes were over and the Ravenclaws who had returned from club activities and the library returned to the lounge, they found Gilderoy Lockhart sitting in the center of the lounge.And when Professor Flitwick wanted to take a look at the situation, Lockhart had already started to preach to these little eagles the 
   superior science
    in Muggle universities - game theory.We all admit that extraordinary reason and clear judgment are the foundation of our Ravenclaw, but the problem is also here-that is, the enemy also knows that we are all sane people.—Once we let the other party know that we are rational enough, then we also lose some kind of deterrence at the same time, and the premise of the theory similar to 
   pirate split gold coins
    is that everyone is a rational person-and this does not exist.
   It can only be said that Eagle Academy is still mostly smart people, and they immediately understood Lockhart's voice field
   Are you saying that 'sanity' can also bring disaster to us?
    someone asked.
   In a sense yes.
   
   
   
Chapter 58   
   
   Lockhart took out the nuclear deterrence theory of the US-Soviet Cold War period, modified it and then used it.
   If there are two wizard families, each of them has mastered the triggering conditions of the blood curse of the other family. As long as it is activated, one member of the other family will die. Then there is a high probability that they will form a mutual deterrence, a balance of terror, and meet each other Nobody starts first.But if one day, the patriarch of a family drank too much alcohol and inadvertently touched the blood curse of the other family, then you can imagine how things will develop next.Suppose you are the patriarch of the victimized family—the other family suddenly sent over a dozen people, apologized to your family, and voluntarily drank Veritaserum, swearing that this time it was just an unintentional mistake, I hope you can forgive them, and are willing to pay a lot money and political resources to atone for it...how would you judge? 
   If there is no previous foreshadowing by Lockhart, everyone is likely to choose to forgive each other. After all, what has happened, even if you retaliate, there is no benefit at all. It will only make the relationship between the two parties worse. It is better to accept it. The benefit of the other party's compensation is even more extortion, so that some compensation can be obtained to some extent.嗏
   Should we reject the other party's apology, and no matter what, we must cast a blood curse and kill a member of the other party's family as revenge?
   After careful thinking, some little eagles came to a conclusion that even he himself did not believe.Lockhart confirmed his judgment.
   That's right! Although it's cruel to say that, and you're sure that the other party did just make an unintentional mistake, for the continuation of your family, even if you lose benefits, even if you lose both because of it, you still have to choose revenge.
   Having said that, Lockhart already understood what he meant.The reason why the balance of terror can be maintained between the two families is because they can ensure mutual destruction.But as long as one party's deterrence is proved to be untenable under certain conditions, then all his potential enemies will know that he is a person whose bottom line can be changed, and his deterrence immediately becomes a joke.Just like in 
   The Three-Body Problem
   , when Luo Ji was the sword wielder, the Trisolarans would not dare to attack the earth, because they knew that Luo Ji would do what he said, and in the end they would really die and drag the Three-Body Problem The stars went into the water and destroyed together.But when Cheng Xin grasped the button, the Trisolarans immediately launched an attack, because they were also very clear about Cheng Xin's thinking logic—since the incident had already happened, it would be useless to cause both parties to suffer, it would be better to find a way to use it. Earthlings carry on.This way of thinking logic does not necessarily mean weakness, but it will make the so-called deterrence no longer exist, and finally make everyone think that they can step on you.
   Not only between families, but the relationship between our Eagle Academy and other academies is also the same.
   Having said that, Lockhart finally started to ask questions:   We judge things with our sanest minds and expect everyone to be like us. But when conflict comes, we lack deterrence because of our sanity, because they all seem to think that as long as they insist on being tough, they will eventually back down.
    It must be us.Our Ravenclaw's results in this duel match are very bad, which is a shame in a sense, but it can also remind us and become a wake-up call on our life.It tells us a truth. Sometimes, maintaining a kind of 
   irrational
    toughness does not necessarily mean stupidity. This may be another game strategy. In the words of the Orientals-
   Punch away , lest a hundred punches come'. 
   Chapter 120 Two: The United Eagle AcademyLockhart's public speech in the common room soon sparked heated discussions within Ravenclaw House.If Lockhart talked to these little eagles in a provocative or commanding way, they might only respond to you on the surface, but they didn't think so in their hearts.But when Lockhart raised it to the level of    reason
    and 
   strategy
   , the Ravenclaw students were more convinced, because they just accepted it.Neither game theory nor behavioral psychology can be derived simply through logic and reasoning, and it is not a kind of thing that simply studies human beings as 
   rational people
   , but requires a large number of samples to be summarized, and the wizard Because there are too few people in the world, the sample size is not large, even if someone wants to study it, they can't study it.Although not everyone in Ravenclaw is interested in this set of things, they will still obey the authority and believe in the current mainstream theory before there is enough research and the old theory is falsified.Ravenclaw's prefect Robert Hilliard urgently convened a college meeting, and after discussion, he and several Ravenclaw 
   opinion leaders
    came to a common conclusion:   We have to show our toughness appropriately as well.
   
   It's useless to be tough. The foundation of toughness lies in strength, otherwise it is a bluff.
   
   Actually, I found that whether it is Slytherin or Hufflepuff, their advantage does not lie in personal strength, but in organization. They will inquire about the opponent's intelligence in advance, and exchange magic props and magical creatures internally.
   Gryffindor will show a death-defying temperament in the decisive battle, which we shouldThere are mental preparations before the game, instead of rushing after the critical moment, we must keep ourselves calm at all times. 
   After figuring out the reason for the Eagle Academy's defeat this time, the Eagle Academy finally united under a consensus to prepare for the first-year Samuel Mason and help him defeat Slytherin's Harper.Suddenly getting the attention of the whole school, as a Muggle-born first-year student, Jian Meisen felt a little flattered.The reason why he was able to win the duel was because of his familiarity with Latin, which allowed him to master more spells earlier than other first graders.
   Honestly, incantations aren't that hard. It's as difficult as 1+ren 2 is to calculus compared to the complex declensions of classical Latin and ancient Roman Latin.
    Mason often told his buddy.He has mastered a lot of spells, and his family background is not bad. His pocket money can buy him a lot of equipment and potions. Coupled with the relative contempt of other academies for the first-year competition, it is inevitable for him to stand out.In any case, he was now the hope of Ravenclaw village, and the Eaglets wanted him to work hard to become the champion of the first year when the distinguished guests came to watch the finals, and they spared no effort for it.According to the schedule, the champion of the lower grade can challenge the runner-up of the previous grade, and if they win, they can challenge further.It's just that Harry and Hermione in the second grade are too strong. The spells mastered by Yi Meisen may be king in the first grade, but they are insignificant compared with Hermione in the encyclopedia, so there is no one in the Eagle Academy. count on him to challenge for sophomore successBut anyway, this is Slytherin, and it must be treated with caution.Professor Flitwick was very satisfied to see the Ravenclaws finally united.
   I hope you don't forget.
    He said to the eaglets in a very thin voice, 
   Our spiritual totem is the raven, although many people think that we only choose the raven because its brain is the largest among birds. The biggest, but please don't forget that the raven is also the most united of all birds.
   The energy of the fully mobilized Eagle Academy should not be underestimated. They quickly found out Harper's hole card for Mason.
   Their family is a manufacturer of magical musical instruments, especially good at making harps. We recommend that you wear earmuffs before going on stage.
   
   The little jinx can be saved, and the protective cloak lent to him by the senior Slytherin can help him resist many offensive magic.
   
   Fortunately, this kind of cloak seems to have no resistance to binding magic, and because it needs to be exchanged for others to use, there must be no anti-theft spell on it. Even if you can't use the flying spell, you can use the simplest the movement spell to manipulate the cloak.
   
   The Locking Tongue Charm Malfoy used last time was very good. It doesn't consume much mana. You can use it as your trump card.
   
   But we have to learn a lesson. We shouldn't ignore the determination of the Slytherins to trap and overturn the car. Maybe he will throw away all the armor and musical instruments at the critical moment and try to solve the battle in close quarters.
   
   The repelling spell, moving spell, and levitating spell are enough to deal with it, but considering that the opponent's third item may carry magical creatures... I can lend you my witch bird, although it is not effective against wizards, but It can restrain all magical creatures below 3X.
   When a school puts all its resources on the first-year students, the support Mason received is naturally unprecedented, and if the snake school is smart enough, they will conditionally send more students when it is inevitable. Many resources are poured into the seventh and fifth grade competitions.As a preview of the Chamber of Secrets concert, celebrities in the wizarding world began to arrive at Hogwarts one after another.The first person to arrive was naturally Newt Scamander, who proposed to Dumbledore that he wanted to see the corpse of the basilisk.Although he expressed his understanding of Harry Potter's 
   urgent action
   , he also regretted that the basilisk could not be reproduced, because the basilisk had not been seen in Britain for more than 400 years. Arrived.It's a pity that even such a small wish, Dumbledore still couldn't satisfy him.The skin of the basilisk has already been turned into a snakeskin wallet by the Wieseeck brothers, and it has been taken to Hogwarts, ready to be sold to those celebrities.The snake's tendon was taken by Olinvander, who wanted to make a horned snake staff that was not inferior to that used by Slytherin.As for the snake gallbladder, Snape used it as a blindness resuscitator, and planned to give it to a few 
   senior
    of the snake faction through private channels. Those old men had cataracts,This medication is urgently needed.Snake oil was boiled into a wound medicine ointment, which was placed in HuoIn Gwartz's school hospital.The basilisk venom was swallowed by Dumbledore, and LoharTe got only one basilisk fang.So if Master Newt passed by now, he would probably only see that long strip of snake bone specimen.Thanks to the fact that the skeleton is too big to be plated, otherwise it will be made into a craft□Mouth.In addition to Master Newt, Amelia Bones, one of the judges of the Wizengamot court, descendants of Purfit, the inventor of self-cleaning dishcloth, and Montmorency, the inventor of the love potion The family sent people over, and even Bardock, a descendant of the king of Iona, Scotland.Naturally, the work of receiving these distinguished guests was handed over by Lockhart to the weekend party members of his own club, because 
   I know that they are all children who know the general situation.
   child
   Some people criticized this slightly, but Dumbledore, who should have taken action, ignored him at all, allowing Lockhart to make troubles in the school, so that some people even began to speculate whether Lockhart belonged to Dumbledore illegitimate child.Lockhart didn't care much about the rumours, because it was outrageous...could Dumbledore be old enough to have a child in his 80s?Chapter 120 Three Alumni AssociationAs the guests gradually arrived, Hogwarts finally took a solid first step on the road to financial independence.Lockhart asked the accompanying senior students to wear formal dress as a mark of respect for these dignitaries.And because of the old dress, Percy came to Lockhart to borrow money in embarrassment, saying that he would pay it back after he got to work.Without hesitation, Lockhart took out a thousand Galleons and set up an Alumni Association Organizing Committee fund, allowing Percy and others to spend the money first.
   After this alumni meeting is over, I believe that this kind of small expenditure will no longer be a problem for us... But everyone, how much we can get in the end depends on whether you can show the quality of being a Hogwarts elite. Already,
    Lockhart said to the students.Accompanied by these students, the invited guests visited the legendary secret room.After that soul-stirring contest, although the interior of the secret room has undergone some repairs, the traces of the war can still be seen bit by bit.Especially the broken bones in the passage of the secret room, as well as the stones corroded by the basilisk venom in the secret room, were not removed under Lockhart's instruction, but remained there.To be honest, the guests who came to visit were a little bit disappointed, because the secret room was not quite as magnificent as they had imagined. Except for the statue of the giant snake, the other parts were really too 
   quaint
   . A 
   you just show me this
    kind of feeling.This was Lockhart's plan - he wanted to show these people the rough side of the school so he could ask them for money.After flashing the book, I am disappointed, and the accompanying students stop talking about things, Zhu Tong—Good caliber, told them the school's next plan.
   We are going to replace those floor tiles, clean up the aisles, hang indelible magic fire torches, put a layer of protection on the statue, and install a chandelier in the middle. It's just because of some reasons, listen to the principal Said that he plans to spend 15 years to slowly repair...
   Although the students did not say it directly, the implication was already obvious: no moneyCompared with these minors, these guests were obviously much more sophisticated, and they knew that Dumbledore was trying to solicit donations from them as soon as they heard it.Just because they don't hate this kind of fundraising, and they do have some spare cash on hand, doesn't mean they like throwing money in the water.As social elites, donations are fine, but they have to get something.So they didn't let go, and held their temper, waiting to see what tricks Dumbledore planned to play.It's just that they didn't expect that the person who came up with the idea was not Dumbledore J but Lockhart.In order to entertain the arrival of the distinguished guests, the tables in each courtyard were extended a little to entertain these graduates.After many years of graduation, these social celebrities can sit back at the long table of their colleges and eat a meal that they remember. It is still a very unique experience for them.Of course, this    taste in memory
    was much better than what the students usually ate, and for this evening, Lockhart also used public equipment for private use, and emptied more than half of Rosmerta's new wine this year.He did this completely according to the routine that his alma mater used to entertain Wu Youxiu graduates in his previous life memory: those university presidents would use this method to form graduates into a circle called    alumni association
   , and at the same time Actively make use of the network of the alumni association and the employment office to help the 
   sensible
    students find jobs and contacts in advance, and in the futureGet something back with the donations of these graduates.Graduates who donate money can not only gain a good reputation, they can also gain a higher status in the circle because of this, and at the same time gain a recommended admission spot for their descendants, not to mention that the part donated to the university can also be used tax creditAnd all of this is done under the high-sounding name of 
   supporting education
   , which is nothing but justified.It's just that in this magical world, the idea of ​​donating school donations for tax exemption has never been heard, and because there is only one magic school in the UK, admission qualifications are usually not a concern, so these two paths are temporarily blocked.But the rest, Lockhart intends to develop it.Although it is unfair to say that rich people donate money to seek their family's status in the school, objectively speaking, it also promotes the development of education.And even if there is no such channel, the so-called 
   upper class
    will still rely on various ties such as blood ties to connect them together. It is not as good as this method of robbing the rich and giving to the poor, at least it can afford more students.—After a sumptuous dinner, the long tables in the Hogwarts auditorium were put away and replaced with armchairs for guests and students to enjoy music.Although we still don't know what medicine is sold in Dumbledore's gourd, this does not prevent everyone from enjoying the music, not to mention that Dumbledore invited the well-known singer Warbeck and the skeleton band that will never make mistakes.It wasn't until after the concert ended successfully that Dumbledore announced Hogwarts' latest series of new measures slowly.The first is the donation for the repair of the Chamber of Secrets. Hogwarts will set up an obsidian stele at the entrance of the Chamber of Secrets, on which the name of the person who contributed to the repair will be engraved.Secondly, from now on, the Dueling Club, Gobstone Club, Wizard Chess, and the Quidditch teams of various colleges openly accept social donations, and sell the advertising rights of jersey protective equipment, and the commercial organizations that fund the participants also have the right to let the mainHolder's right to speak.But the most interesting thing is the third one that Dumbledore said—direct to the research room.
   In the past, Hogwarts students had to choose a major in the third grade, and only received career guidance in the fifth grade. This is not only too rigid, but also not conducive to the connection between students and the job market. Therefore, we hope to have closer contact with the society and more extensive cooperation.If you have an industry and need talents, you can set up a laboratory in Hogwarts in advance and entrust the training of the graduates you need. We will educate the students according to your needs and increase their talents. More professional courses and related practical iP11 trainingFor example, it is also Defense Against the Dark Arts. The Defense Against the Dark Arts required by the Gringotts Curse Breakers is more inclined to fight against ancient black magic, while the adventure travel agency requires employees to be more proficient in the fight against magical creatures, and St. Mungo's Hospital needs more. It is the ability to remove curses and jinxes, and to remove wounds caused by magical creatures, which seem to be the same, but are actually very different.We hope that in this way, our graduates can reduce the time spent in contact with the society, and they can work directly after graduation.And you can also reduce the cost of some training and the cost of recruiting new employees, the best of both worlds. 
   No one here thought that Dumbledore would come up with such an idea.Regardless of whether they will pay for this project in the end, they must take care of themselves丄LD/12Chapter 120 FourKnowing that these distinguished guests needed time to think, Dumbledore did not force them to make a decision right away, but invited these people to stay at Hogwarts and prepare to watch the duel club finals of each grade.The distinguished guests had already included this item in their itinerary, and of course they would not refuse to see Dumbledore offer them time to think.From that night onwards, the owls at Hogwarts got busy—in the next few days, they had to deliver many letters for these distinguished guests.It can be seen that the remaining bosses are all interested in Hogwarts' 
   directed training
   , and those who are not interested in student duels and targeted training basically bid farewell that night .For example, Master Newt Scamander, after seeing the snake skeleton wrapped in snake sloughs at the door of the secret room, he lost interest in this trip, and he simply donated 500 Galleons before embarking on the return journey .He doesn't need this kind of directional training, because anyone who likes magical creatures is 100% his disciples.In addition, there are some very clear-headed people who also chose to donate directly without hesitation.Mr. Granger donated 2000 Galleons and a lot of medicinal materials directly on behalf of the Association of Physicians of Extraordinary Potions to set up a potions laboratory. On the one hand, it requires laboratories and associations to share research results.At the same time, he also added an additional condition - all the potion raw materials in the laboratory are provided by the association.He thought very clearly, because of the particularity of the potion, its production process could not leaveThe wizard himself is involved, and the basis for the existence of the Pharmacist Association is whether there are enough potion makers to unite.The output of the potion prepared by an experienced pharmacist is equivalent to that of three potion apprentices, and the effect of the potion made is better than the sum of ten apprentices, which is finally reflected in the sales volume. In terms of price, that is a hundred times that of the potions produced by apprentices.It can be seen that the potion industry, like other traditional handicraft industries, is truly 
   easy to get for thousands of soldiers, but hard to find for every M
   .
   
   
Chapter 59   
   
   If the source of excellent pharmacists can be monopolized through this kind of donation, then as far as the association is concerned, it will only make money, and it is impossible to lose money.For example, after the basilisk incident, Snape's snake gall improving eyesight potion had not yet been brewed, but it had already been ordered by those 
   old seniors
   , maybe it was because he was famous and everyone knew that he couldn't do it Poison?When this request was satisfied by Dumbledore, Mr. Granger also offered to leave directly—anyway, the purpose of his trip had been achieved, and he was not very interested in the duel.Of course, if he knew what happened in the duel match later, he might regret it.There are not many people as straightforward as Mr. Granger, and the rest of the distinguished guests are still thinking about it, wanting to weigh the key points clearly.Anyway, the first grade duel competition has already started, and they still have a lot of time to think.In the solemn expressions of the Slytherin snakes, the entrance to the secret room was reopened, and the students and VIPs who watched the battle entered the secret room one after another, preparing to watch the duel performanceThe duel between the second and third grades, one is Gryffindor, and the other is the civil war in Slytherin, so the intensity is destined not to be as intense as the battle between the lion and the snake in the fifth grade groupIn comparison, the second and third grade leapfrog challenges are still worth seeing.Of course, the guests watching the game also know this, so their mentality is also very relaxed: it’s like tasting an appetizer before a big mealAnd the two little wizards who served as appetizers, Harper and Mason, came to the center of the duel field under the eyes of everyone.Probably because too many elders were watching, it was different from a simple duel ceremony. Before the duel, Harper of Slytherin raised his wand over his head, drew a flower, and then wrapped it around his chest , put down the wand.This is the ancient etiquette of the pure-blood family, and it is also something that the little snakes have practiced from the scolding of their parents since childhood.Of course, the reason why he saluted was not because he was respecting his opponent, but to show his family background on another battlefield, especially when he knew that his opponent today was a Muggle-born wizard.Samuel Mason's hand holding the wand was sweating. After seeing his opponent salute, he forgot the standard wizard duel ceremony for a while, but pointed the wand obliquely at the sky, and hugged the protective gear with his left hand. waist.Then he remembered that this was the fencing duel ceremony taught by the fencing teacher his parents hired for him.However, in order not to lose face, he could only finish this action and pretend to be—the copy should look like this.At this moment, a white light flashed, followed by a    click
   .Everyone turned their heads and found that it was Bozo, the photographer of the Daily Prophet.He skillfully flipped out the back cover of the camera, and turned out the photo negative of the two little wizards saluting before the duel.
   
    While it's hot, hurry up and print it. Betty Braithwaite, the female reporter beside her, hurriedly said...
   Okay.
    Bozuo turned around and was about to develop the photos.Du Ji lived, developed a few more photos, and backed up the negatives. 
   Betty reminded worriedlySay.If duels can become a routine at Hogwarts in the future, then this photo is the first final photo of the first duel, which is of great significance and may even be stored in the archives of the newspaper.Regardless of how the reporters planned to report, the two young wizards on the stage had already started a duel, and their first reactions were surprisingly consistent
   Misty clouds!
   They unanimously released the Cloud Mist Curse, and covered their tracks with a large cloud of mist they summoned.There was a sigh of disappointment from the audience.They had come to see the duel, not the gray mist.Fortunately, someone appeared immediately to relieve their pain.
   Anyone want to buy Weasley thermal lenses? It only costs 12 Sickles!
    George Weasley shouted to the students at the scene.And his brother Fred was holding a large, padded lens case on his chest, and appeared in the crowd watching the battle with his brother.
   As long as you use this lens, you can see where they are, and it can show the outline of people.
    Fred said in harmony, 
   Although the effect is not as good as the magic-seeking lens, but the price is only 300/[-] of it , what are you waiting for? Come get one!
   The price of the goods they sell is not expensive, and it has indeed caught up with the moment when everyone has a hard demand, so the students suddenly turned into a swarm and began to snap up the lenses of the two brothers, and even the guests who watched the battle bought them two.Lockhart couldn't help but glance over there—he didn't expect that even the schoolThe first wave of dividends that the school has not yet received, was actually eaten by these two brothersChapter 120 Five Delayed by Political CorrectnessLeaving aside those profiteers from the colleges for the time being, Lockhart returned his energy to the duel arena.The commentator of the duel is naturally Lee Jordan, who has nothing to do recently. The Slytherins are slightly critical of his appointment, but he is the only one with public commentary experience, and he has been doing well all the time, so Snake Court also has no convincing arguments against it.And Lee Jordan did not hide his inclination at all. In this contest between Ravenclaw and Slytherin, he was on the side of Ravenclaw, even if it was as expected, Slater Both Lin and Ravenclaw made a lot of preparations in advance, and he also focused more on Slytherin's 
   scheming
   , as if Harper was a person who wanted to win by any means.Lockhart was slightly critical of this—although there are indeed many ambitious people in the Snake Court, the barrier between them and the other three houses is entirely caused by prejudice.It's like Sirius, who is obviously a Gryffindor, but after the incident with the Potters, no one tried to figure out what happened, how the Loyalty Curse failed, not even Dumbledore. After all, the intention was almost to acquiesce that he was guilty or not because his whole family was Slytherin except him.Because the quarter-finals were a double-elimination match, as the champion of the lower bracket, Mason had to beat Harper twice to win the championship of the first-year group.Under the attack of the kittens, the magic harp of the Harper family failed to play its role in confusing at all, but became the fuse to expose his position.At the suggestion of the Ravenclaw seniors, Mason used a medical magic often used by Madam Pomfrey-
   splint tightening
   , turning Harper's armor into a torture tool that restrained himself, and finally won the victory. played the first game.In the second game, Ravenclaws expected that Harper would not dare to continue wearing the armor, and would probably put on the anti-magic cloak, so they asked Mason to use clear water like a spring to wet the opponent before using the Freezing Curse .Ravenclaws are right in predicting. If everyone has their ability to predict, the welfare lottery will be frightened by them and dare not draw a lottery.But Slytherin didn't intend to follow their rhythm. Even if Harper did change the original armor, Harper didn't wear it.But he drank enhancers instead.This also caused Mason to be at an absolute disadvantage for the next period of time, as helpless as when he met an ordinary third grader, and all the water jets he conjured up with the spell were stopped by the Iron Armor Curse.Fortunately, he received the so-called aristocratic education before entering school. The tutor of the fencing class told him that as long as he was not stabbed, he should always keep calm and wait for an opportunity to fight back.How did you say that? 
   Even if you fall, you can stab your opponent's leg
   ?He temporarily changed his strategy, no longer trying to attack the opponent directly with clear water, but to attack the ground around Harper.When the ground around Harper became wet, he cast a freezing spell, turning each opponent's surroundings into a field of ice.The ice severely limited Harper's ability to move, and he had to start distracting himself to keep himself from falling to the ground.When he used the Iron Armor Curse to defend again, Mason didn't use the clear water like a spring, but a few evil spells that everyone in the first grade knew - the Leg Locking Curse and the Repelling Curse.Facing the opponent who fell to the ground, Kan Meisen let out a sigh of relief.From the beginning to the end, he didn't expect the other party to accidentally fall, he would rather handle everything by himself.After the fall, according to the rules of the first grade, Harper could already be judged as a loser, butSince Lockhart taught that spell, the students have had a new optionMang Wada splits your melons one by one! Mason symbolically ended the game with this little trick.Although the duel could have been declared over as soon as the referee declared the winner, but the students generally felt that this was not a sense of ceremony, so Lockhart's little trick became a popular spell among the students.With a flash of green light, the battle is over—this has become a customary etiquette for them.Moreover, the purpose of participating in duels in senior grades is to seek excitement, so they chose to carry it out to the end—in the duels above the fifth grade, this pine cone trick was recognized as an 
   instant death curse
   , and it was used in duels in a fair manner. Those who participate in the duel must think about how to deal with it.But the guests who participated didn't know this, especially those Slytherin wizards, they all stood up in shock after seeing the familiar green light; some even shrunk subconsciously, trying to hide open.Then they found out they had been duped.In order to hide their embarrassment, the VIPs clapped together, pretending that they stood up for congratulations.The students of Slytherin are naturally very depressed - their own people lost, but those 
   seniors
    of Slytherin are actually applauding their opponents, what does this mean?■It shows that the seniors are very dissatisfied with the performance of their academy!Although it is said that because of the preparations for the competition between the fifth grade and the seventh grade, especially the competition between the fifth grade and the Lion House, Slytherin did not devote everything to the first grade, but if they did not arrange for Mason, that is also fake.But the 
   political correctness
    of Snake Yard has harmed them-they can't pretend to be themselvesbig on masonBecause Mason is a 
   Mudblood
    of Muggle origin, if he is dealt with with great fanfare, it means that these 
   pure blood
    will regard the 
   Mudblood
    as their opponent, which is worse than losing a duel.They knew that a failed duel would embarrass Slytherin, but no one dared to mention it publicly.If it is mentioned publicly, whether the matter will be resolved will not be mentioned for the time being. The person who raised this matter will definitely be ridiculed by other little snakes.So, when Lee Jordan excitedly announced Ravenclaw's victory, there was an embarrassing silence on the Slytherin side.
   We could have done better,
    said the Slytherin prefect grimly, 
   but for some reason we couldn't.
   The few people at the scene actually knew it well, but everyone was tacit and no one wanted to say it.
   The ravens are clearly in a group... We are not facing one person, but the entire academy.
    Someone said this as an excuse.Flint couldn't help but interjected:    But first-year Slytherins are also Slytherins, and this is also a foreign battle. We don't just go into a duel just to defeat Gryffindor, what we want is to win .”Having said that, they couldn't do it if they had to devote as much energy to their first grade.At this moment, Malfoy suddenly volunteered:   If you can believe it, from next year, I will be in charge of the first to third grades, okay?
   The seniors couldn't help turning their eyes to him.Aren't your Malfoys the most Muggle-resistant of all purebloods?words to you, will you make the same mistake.Although they didn't ask directly, the meaning in their expressions was the same.Malfoy looked a little embarrassed - because he couldn't guarantee that he wouldn't make a mistake.He wanted to say a few big words, but the lessons learned from the failure of the Quidditch game are still there. If he insists that he will not mess up, he will still have some lack of confidence after all.But Gemma Farley stepped forward and relieved him of this embarrassment.
   Anyway, the student union is about to expand, so it's good to train early. We can't wait until the fifth grade to start training our prefects.
   With the wealth of the Malfoy family, if there are no accidents, Draco Malfoy will definitely become a prefect in the fifth grade.It's better to train Malfoy in advance now, so that after this class of prefects graduates, there will be a gap in Slytherin's talents, and the savior of Harry Potter will be in full swing, and the House Cup will really be monopolized by Gryffindor.Seeing that the Farley family spoke for him, Malfoy showed a grateful expression.
   I promise I will handle this matter well.
    He solemnly promised the seniors in his grade.Because of the failure to remove Dumbledore this time, his father Lucius is going to take all the responsibilities and protect Fudge by resigning from the school manager.Although Fudge would sooner or later find compensation for the Malfoy family after accepting this love, but no matter how he seeks compensation later, it is also true that the Malfoy family's control over Hogwarts has been greatly reduced.
   Although it's a bit early, as the heir of the Malfoy family, you must take on this responsibility, exert more influence on the family in Hogwarts, and look for real allies—I'm not talking about Carat. Boo and Goyle.
    This is what Lucius wrote in the letter.Draco Malfoy decided to accept the admonition.Chapter 120 Six Perfect SuppressionAfter Mason's victory, the Hawks were in a state of elation.Although it is a shame to win a first-year competition with the strength of the whole school, it is even more shameful if you don't win even one, so everyone still has reason to celebrate.But the next game has nothing to do with them, and they didn't expect Kan Meisen to compete with the savior.After the tumult of the first grade was over, the distinguished guests sat down again, waiting to watch the duel of the second grade.However, compared to the first duel, although the second duel has a big name, its intensity may not be stronger than that of the first graders.Because Harry and Hermione are in the duel, and they are good friends, they will definitely not be serious. Even if they want to see, they have to see if Harry Potter will challenge the third graders.No one thought Hermione could win, even if she was the top student of the year.The distinguished guests are going to use this time to think carefully about whether they want to be involved in this 
   industry
    of Hogwarts.Obviously, if you only look at it from the perspective of profit, this is definitely a business that only makes money, and no matter how much money they can get in return, even the contacts and reputation they get are enough Let them earn their money back.But the problem is that as long as they donate this money, they will be tied to the interests of Hogwarts, and they will also have to accept a certain degree of coercion politically.Human nature is like this, just want to take advantage, not to suffer.They want to make money, but they don't want to get into trouble with the Snake faction, let alone some of them are members of the Snake faction.Their idea was to continue to delay until Dumbledore came to them on his own initiative, so that they could take the initiative in the negotiation.Thinking of this, Lucius Malfoy couldn't help but glance at Dumbledore, and found that he was still calm and composed, and even the two little lions on the mood stage applaudedWhat the hell is this old bee thinking?In the middle of the dueling stage, the duel between Harry and Hermione has reached the most critical momentContrary to what other people, especially Slytherin, expected, the one who crushed his opponent was not Harry Potter, the savior, but the 
   mudblood
    they looked down upon.Now, they were not only surprised, but also angry.Although the Potter family has always been not very good with the Lion Pie, the Potter family is an ancient wizard family with a long history. The family ancestors were also excellent magic potters hundreds of years ago. I am proud of my teapot.In addition to Harry Potter's statement, if the boy from the Potter family wins the second-year championship, although the 
   pure blood
    will also feel a little upset, at least they can accept it in their hearts.But if the Mudblood girl wins... wouldn't the first and second year titles be held back by the dirty heads of Muggles?Seeing that Hermione was able to fight Harry with ease, and Harry was in a hurry, their rationality told them that the strength of the Savior was indeed not as good as they imagined.
   
   
Chapter 60   
   
   Had it not been for Harry's quick reaction, he would have been hit by Hermione's Binding Curse.What's more frightening is that Harry himself knows very well that Hermione is still useless.force.During the pre-match registration, Lockhart discovered that among the three magical items Hermione was carrying, the magic umbrella he gave him was not included, and Harry's item registration also did not include the one he had inherited from his family. Deathly Hallows invisibility cloak.Harry didn't want certain professors to know that it was normal for him to have an Invisibility Cloak, but it was a bit of a surprise to Lockhart that Hermione wasn't wearing the Umbrella.But Ron knew why - because Hermione was so afraid of breaking the umbrella.
   Use it when it matters.
   When she said this, Hermione's face was flushed, obviously a little insincere.Harry was glad that Hermione didn't get serious about him, because even if Hermione fought him step by step, he was almost overwhelmed.He used the third eye that Lockhart had given him, in order to maintain his vision while dodging around.But the problem is that Hermione also knows that he has that thing, so after a 
   Lums Maxima
    is released, his third eye is declared temporarily blind.Likewise, the misty spell Harry was trying to use to cover his tracks didn't work because Hermione was carrying a revealing powder in her bag.It was supposed to be reserved for the basilisk, but ended up being used on Harry instead.In desperation, Harry was forced to mess around by Hermione's spell, and he could only say that luckily the Appearance Powder could only show the approximate location, otherwise Hermione's magic missiles would have hit him countless times.Harry dodged, thinking furiously about how to fight back.Although we were all friends and would not hit each other hard, Hermione really wanted to get a reward from Lockhart, but he couldn't guarantee that the other party would let him go.Just as he started to attack at the beginning of the game, he also didn't intend to give Hermione time to tidy up.And Hermione's number of spells and pre-match preparations are better than Harry's,So Harry couldn't guarantee that if she dragged on any longer, she would use some method she didn't know to knock herself down.Since he couldn't compete with Hermione in terms of the number of spells, Harry's only choice was to rush to attack, even if the effect of the rush attack was a bit worse, it didn't matter, it was better than slow death.
   Flying sand and rolling stones! Flying sand and rolling stones! Flying sand and rolling stones!
   As Harry lowered his body, he randomly cast a small spell towards Hermione.He knew that if Hermione didn't mess up, he had no chance of winning at all.This 
   shotgun
    method of casting can easily confuse opponents, and Ron and Harry often use this method to defeat opponents of their own level.Even if the little wizards who have never experienced that kind of battle are not inferior to the savior trio in terms of magic power and spells, their confrontation experience is seriously lacking.The result of the lack of confrontational experience is that they are always unable to do what they should do at the most correct time.But Hermione's reaction disappointed Harry - 
   All curses end!
   With a swipe of her wand, a red ripple spread, covering Hermione's side.This is a universal counter-spell that can dispel almost all continuous spells, and the only thing that determines whether it can work is the magic level of the casters.Although Hermione can't undo the notorious black magic right now, it's no big deal to undo the spells of little wizards of the same level.A few flying sand and rocks were like balloons that had been punctured by a needle, leaking air before blowing up.Harry was still a little unbelieving:    Thousands of bullets!
   
   Protect all!
    Hermione used a more advanced spell without batting an eyelid.A few birds transformed from magic missiles hit the protective cover, just like mud spots splashed by a car and fell on the glass window, causing almost no damage.
   That's not okay,
    thought Harry.His only killing move was that housekeeping ability - 
   Expelliarmus
    7 But if Hermione kept strengthening the defense like this, then he would have no chance at all.I can only take a risk—Harry thought as he touched the fireworks box in his pocket.Chapter 120: On the Qualities of the SaviorHermione felt a little weird looking at Harry who was hiding in front of him.In fact, she is not interested in duels. Compared with the glory and prizes of the duel champion, the only thing that is really useful to her is that Lockhart will guide her hand in hand when gathering her real name.After recovering her memory, she now knows that the principal is deliberately cultivating Harry, and she may be in the principal's mind: just a friend of F Heli.   Although she wanted to look away and pretend she didn't mind about it, knowing this meant there was always a tinge of scrutiny in her conversations with Harry.This little boy with an ordinary personality, who likes to play ball and is distracted in class every day, and only copies his homework when it is almost due, is really the savior written in the book?The Boy Who Lived?The only one to escape from the death curse?Although he is enthusiastic, just, brave, and friendly, he is very good as a friend.But to say he is the savior, it would be too mediocre.Especially when she can even defeat the savior, Hermione can't help but wonder how Dumbledore intends to make Harry defeat the man whose name cannot be mentioned.So in the process of competing with Harry, Hermione made up her mind and wanted to give it a try. She wanted to see what was special about Harry.But until now, she hasn't noticed it yet.Granted, Harry was more decisive, quicker, and braver than he was: but Hermione had seen and fought a lot in Gryffindor, and it wasn't uncommon.The sense of crisis after the battle with Voldemort made Hermione couldn't help recalling and thinking about that battle over and over again, but seeing Harry and Ron like that, they were still in the same place.Play foolishly, as if nothing happened.In a sense, being able to be so heartless is an amazing talent!In the clouds and mist, Harry finally moved.He took off the coat that he had the revealing powder on, and threw the new fireworks box that Fred and George had given him on top of the coat.He still remembered that the twins had promised himself that spells such as shattering spells, vanishing spells, and stun spells would not work on it, and that it would absorb these spells and track the source.Hermione wasn't there when the twins gave him it, so she shouldn't have known she had it, Harry thought.He now very much hopes that Hermione can cast two spells on    his
    position, so that after the firework box is hit, it will track her spell and counterattack.Even if he couldn't end the fight immediately, even if he could force Hermione to scramble for a while, that would be his victory.But Hermione wasn't fooled, and when she saw the spot of light that had been wandering around suddenly stop, she knew that Harry must have gotten rid of the developing powder.But what's the use of getting rid of it now?All protection, safe guarding, enemy traps, and the end of all spells, Hermione has taken the opportunity to plant four impenetrable defenses around her, and from physics to magic spells to magical creatures and people, these barriers can prevent It guards against it.She knew that besides the third eye, Harry should have two other magic items. One is Harry's Nimbus 2000 broom, and the other is the Invisibility Cloak.But since Harry didn't intend to let the other students know that he had the Invisibility Cloak, he would definitely change it to something else, and she had to find a way to force Harry to get the third item.She sighed imperceptibly, then took out the magic pouch from her carry-onHe picked up a log of ebony wood and dropped it on the ground.Magic bag, developer powder, and this ebony wood with excellent magic power permeability—this is what she prepared for the final.
   The shape has changed drastically!
    She pointed at the wooden block.Ebony trembled quickly, and then turned into a black bear.Seeing this scene, Professor McGonagall couldn't help leaning forward.
   Very well, it seems that at least one person in my class has memorized that ebony wood is best used for polymorphing.
   Professor McGonagall really has a heart for talents now - although Hermione has always been the best in her class, she has seen many outstanding students, not just one or two.But being able to complete the .W-s-level transfiguration in the second grade is still beyond Professor McGonagall's imagination. This is no longer excellent, but a seedling of a legendary transfiguration spell user.Although the little bear conjured by Hermione is mostly cute because of its size, the bear's nose is the best among all animals on land. It can smell the smell of animal corpses more than 30 kilometers away. Its purpose is self-explanatory.First stabilize the defense, check for omissions and make up for gaps, and then use spells to suppress, gain the advantage of the scene and then use transfiguration to determine the victory—this is the fighting method she learned from Tom Riddle.If you only look at her growth, she might be the biggest of the three.Although Harry and Ron grew up quickly in the face of danger, they were expected to sum up after the event... Hehe, they had to learn how to take notes first.Although the little bear conjured by Hermione still lacks intelligence, in terms of appearance and other functions, it is no different from an ordinary little bear.As soon as it landed, it sniffed around, and then moved towards Harry's seat without hesitation.Zhi rushed over.If he was hit by its bear paw, even if it was just a little bear, Harry would probably be lying in the school hospital tonight.When Harry saw this, he knew that Hermione might have seen through his plan, so he made a decisive decision and detonated the fireworks given to him by the Weasley brothers in advance.The colorful flames immediately frightened the little bear back a few steps, and the biological instinct that Hermione endowed it became a burden instead.Not only that, the firecracker parts from the fireworks also began to fly around, and many even bombarded the protective shield around Hermione, causing sparks to explode one by one.Hermione's spell level was still in place, and the fireworks didn't break through her defenses, but only stirred up a burst of gunpowder-smelling smoke.Although Hermione had done a good job of keeping her cool during the battle, she couldn't help being distracted by the noise of the fireworks.Harry Potter has proved himself many times with his actions, that is, never underestimate his will to win in the face of adversity, and his ability to take advantage of all fleeting opportunities.Likewise, the moment Hermione distractedly glanced at the fireworks, he started his own actions.
   stand up!
   Harry shouted at the broom in the corner.When Hermione turned her attention to Harry again, she saw that Harry Potter was already riding his Nimbus 2000, approaching her rapidly from the air.
   All shots!
    Harry yelled.PS forgot to py last night
   I, the villain, am raising the heroine in the cloud
   Introduction: Traveling through the world of immortals, Chen Changqing, as a villain, obtained a [Yun Yang]Heroine system].Cloud raises the heroine, the heroine's favorability increases, and you can get double feedback from the heroine.Is there such a good thing?Chen Changqing thought of the strange girls he met a few days ago.[30 years in Hedong and 30 years in Hexi, that guy dared to bully me! 】【That guy stole my talent and ruined my sword body. In this life, I want that guy to pay for it with blood! 】[Three years ago, that guy took my keel and refined it into a sword. Now, my keel is reborn, and the time for that guy's death has come. 】Thinking of the strange behavior of the girls in the past few days, Chen Changqing silently began to support them...Chapter 120: The Broom Dealer's Careful ThoughtsIt was not surprising that Harry would take the risk.If the situation is unfavorable, if he still wants to win, there are actually not many ways to choose.But Harry's timing was really good: Hermione was perfect from beginning to end, but she's not a robot after all, and the Weasley fireworks were something she didn't expect, and she always had to worry about it .And that momentary distraction wasn't technically a mistake, but even so, Harry had found the opportunity.Hermione didn't even have time to react as she watched Harry charge towards him on a broomstick surrounded by six magic missiles.But she also knew that her reaction would be slower, so she set up four lines of defense. Harry's magic missiles should not be able to penetrate them.But she guessed wrong, Harry didn't expect to break through Hermione's defenses with a thousand bullets.What he wants to use is himself.As a Quidditch player, it is a compulsory course to be prepared to deal with possible collisions at all times, and Harry is no exception. The number of times a Seeker is violated in a game is probably no less than that of a Chaser.When Harry flew over, he had figured it out. Since his magic couldn't compete with Hermione, he had to use other methods to break through the magic barrier, and that thing was his body.Because the duel arena will equip people with basic armor to protect their vitals, so he didn't hesitate, and he slumped his shoulders and bumped into Hermione's protective shield.The magic barrier flickered a few times, and then went off with a buzzing sound like a phone screen that was powered off, and the six magic missiles surrounding Harry also broke through.Obstacles, drifting towards Hermione.Hermione was a little caught off guard, but finally remembered to use a spell to resist.   All curses end!
    she shouted.The bird transformed from the magic missile collapsed and fled under the red ripples, but Harry, who crashed into it, rolled on the spot and also stabilized his figure.The wand in his hand pointed steadily at Hermione's right hand:    Disarm!
   — There was a flash of red light, Hermione's wand came out of her hand, and fell to the gray stone floor tiles in a whirling motion.Seeing this situation, Percy directly raised his right hand to signal the end of the game.Because Harry was originally in the winner's bracket, so he didn't need to compete in the second round, and he became the champion of the second year directly.
   Sorry, Hermione.
    He was a little embarrassed, 
   I used up my fireworks, and it won't work if I try again.
   
   It's nothing.
    Hermione shook her head and said, 
   I finally understand something... It seems that the professor is right, the degree of mastery of spells is only part of the duel. But I suggest you check the broom, mahogany is not very forbidden Collide.
   Hearing what she said, Harry quickly checked his Nimbus 2000, and he was relieved when he found that it was still intact.Afterwards, he picked up Hermione's wand and gave it back to her, and then accepted the congratulations from the students and guests with a smile on his face.It's not that Harry doesn't like honors, it's just that he doesn't like honors that he doesn't remember.
   
   
Chapter 61   
   
   Seeing Harry instead of that swearing-in frame, I'm guessing it's a good idea?/p>If the people who defeated the Dark Lord were defeated by the Mudblood, it would cause great mental damage to them who once believed in Voldemort.Harry certainly didn't know about the mental activities of the Slytherins, and if he had, he would probably have made a fuss about it.Gryffindor was jubilant up and down—they both belonged to the Lion Court anyway, as long as the duel was good and the spirit of Gryffindor was good.The performance of Harry and Hermione can be said to have exceeded everyone's expectations, so that they had some higher hopes for Harry.For example, the champion who defeated the third graders.But Harry touched his purple shoulder and felt that this matter had to be reconsidered.When the referee asked the first-year Mason if he wanted to challenge Harry, Dumbledore was already surrounded by four or five people.
   We agree to sponsor this duel, Headmaster. But we also hope that Hogwarts students should not only watch the duel process. Even adult wizards should benefit from watching these duels.
   Dumbledore seemed to understand their thoughts very well:    Then what do you mean... reporters should be allowed in?
   He meant something, because among the few people surrounding him was Zamila Gooch, a columnist for several newspapers.Unlike Grisel Hotz, who is keen on emotional gossip, Gucci herself is an academic writer, and she is also the author of 
   Practical Household Magic
   .Sure enough, she spoke up.
   Actually, Gilderoy wrote me last week, saying that I haven't published a new book in a long time, and I think he's right, people always have to find something to do for themselves... I hope you can put the content of the student duel I will also do magic analysis, which will eventually be published in the 
   Sunday Prophet Weekly.
   Although Witches Weekly has had some decent momentum since then, it has alwaysIt is a publication that focuses on gossip, food, and women's issues. When it comes to serious matters such as duels, everyone's first reaction is the Prophet Weekly, not other publications.Dumbledore nodded slightly:    Of course, but what else do you need from us?
   
   There is no need to provide anything. If possible, I hope to find a house to live in Hogsmeade and come to watch the game on weekends.
    She said.Dumbledore happily expressed his willingness to relieve her of this trouble:    Don't be so troublesome, Hogwarts is still very empty. If you want, I can reserve a place for you for dinner.
   A little convenience can buy a perennial live ad for the Dueling Club, Dumbledore would be a fool if he would refuse.Not to mention that these 
   sponsors
    must see the effect. They will only invest in it if they confirm that the duel will be exposed all year round.When Dumbledore was negotiating with Gucci, the other sponsors had been listening carefully. After seeing that they had indeed reached a cooperation, they put forward their own conditions.For example, the broom manufacturer Mr. Fleet, his company launched the Twig 1990 in 90, which was very popular for a while, and there was a tendency to replace the Nimbus 1700 at one point, but it was replaced by Devlin a year later. o Whitehorn's new Nimbus 2000 was defeated.He has been thinking about what kind of broom his company should produce in order to survive when the Quidditch game is divided by Nimbus, Sweep, and Comet.Either learn from Little Spadmore, give full play to the craftsman spirit, do whatever it takes to create a high-quality product, and even cooperate with goblins, sharpen their swords in ten years, and bet all their belongings on the Firebolt that will be launched next year.But this risk is too great, even if the old Spadmore is skilled,Successful brooms such as the Silver Arrow, Tinder Arrow, and Speedy have been produced, but the success of the Firebolt is still unknown.In addition, many iron parts of the Firebolt are highly dependent on the supply of goblins, which also means that the goblins can manipulate them at any time. Even if the Firebolt is successful, this model is not worth learning.But if it doesn't, Fleet will have to transition in time to make household broomsticksHowever, the sales volume of household flying broomsticks has been very small in this year, mainly because the appearance of Floo powder has made transportation in the wizarding world no longer difficult.If Fleet chooses to transform to do this, he may not be starved to death.However, the appearance of the Dueling Club made him see a prospect—since the Twigg series brooms have a unique patent on the anti-spell varnish, why can't they bypass the Big Three and use their brains on safety protection and maneuverability, What about producing a broom for dueling?This idea took root as soon as it passed through his mind. Compared with the fate of being forced to sell the patent of anti-spell varnish to Sweeping Company, and then walk away in desperation, at least there is still a possibility of struggle.
   Night Wheel 2000 is not suitable for collisions, and neither is 2001.
    Fleet said bluntly to Dumbledore, 
   The Light Wheel series sacrificed a lot of safety for the balance and speed of manipulation, especially the pedals and grips. The handlebars are oversimplified, the protection of the rider itself is terrible, you need a new broom.
   Chapter 120 IX The Price Offered by the Pure-Blood FamilyAlthough the duel had just started not long ago, the hearts of the guests had not stopped on the field, even though they were still applauding.Compared with these hesitant people, the daring ones have already started to cooperate with Dumbledore, such as Wiserek and Flett, they have already obtained the exclusive 
   closed beta
    rights, which means that it cannot but make people The rest are anxious.After observing this phenomenon, Draco Malfoy was also a little uneasy.
   Dad, are we...
   
   Don't be impatient, Draco, you have to learn to be calm.
    Lucius still showed no expression of emotion or anger.
   yes papa c
   At.1-1JyAlthough little Malfoy was persuaded, the doubts in his heart did not diminish at all, because he saw several elders who were usually familiar with his family were about to move.Seeing him like this, Lucius gave him a rare instruction.
   The key now is who can offer better terms. Our Malfoy family property is here, just wait for those cats and dogs to make an offer first.
   Seeing that his father was so sure, Draco was relieved a lot.
   Also, remember to invite Lockhart over for dinner after Defense class.
   Huh?
    Draco was taken aback again.
   Of course, invite in private, don't let others see, understand?
    Lucius added.
   yes papa c
   At.1-1JyAlthough I don't understand what my father means, I just do it.People off the court have different aspirations, but those on the court are much simpler.After deliberation, Samuel Mason decided to challenge the second-year champion even though he thought the odds of winning were not high.-On the one hand, he thought that after the dean of the college and Professor Lockhart had said those words, if he still surrendered directly, it would be too disrespectful to those two people.On the contrary, as long as you can play your due level, I believe that Professor Flitwick will not blame himself.The second aspect is that because the opponent is Harry Potter, the legendary savior has a very easy-going personality, and he doesn't worry about being insulted after losing the duel.The third... They are all children, how could he give up easily.Sure enough, after hearing his decision, Professor Flitwick and the other students stood up and applauded him together, although Professor Flitwick was not much different from standing up or not.But even though he has decided to initiate a challenge, the duel can only start after the champions of the third and fourth grade groups are also decided.Taking advantage of this time, Mason took the initiative to step forward and extended his hand to Harry Potter.
   Hello! Nice to meet again!
   Harry still has some impressions of Mason, because if it weren't for Mason's parents, he would have been imprisoned by Dursley for two months last summer.
   Hello.
    Harry replied a little stiffly.
   Do you have any plans for this summer vacation? My mother wrote to me and asked, saying that since wizards are real, some of those fairy tales should be true, so our family wants to go to Denmark this year, hoping to see Mermaid.
    Mason started with this.Hehe, if Dursley doesn't kill me, he will be successful.Harry thought.He didn't say it outright, but changed it to a high emotional intelligence statement:    I'm going to make up lessons this summer. 
   
   Remedial lessons, tutor?
    Mason opened his mouth wide.
   I guess.
    Harry sighed.Although he didn't know what that 
   occlusion technique
    was, it seemed very important. Dumbledore asked him to learn it as soon as possible, and also asked Lockhart to go to his house during the summer vacation.Harry didn't mind people coming to visit, but he was very worried about what the Dursleys would do to him if a wizard suddenly came to the house.However, this was not what Mason was thinking about. The moment he heard 
   tutor
   , the scene of himself sitting in front of the piano appeared in his mind, and beside the piano was a staid old gentleman who was frowning and knocking. Holding the pointer, still shouting 
   play double notes with your fingers, not your wrists
   Thinking of this, he looked at Harry with pity:    Good luck.
   Harry thought it might not be me who needed luck, but Lockhart, otherwise he wouldn't be able to attend the class even if he wanted to.He couldn't help but glance over at the Hogwarts professor, only to find that Lockhart wasn't there at all.The competition for the third grade hasn't started yet, where is Professor Lockhart?And the person Harry thought needed good luck was 
   teaching lessons
    to several members of pure-blood familiesThe content of his class is also very simple and rude, which is the most concerned issue of these families - how to make the family wealth continue to increase in value.There is never an impenetrable wall in this world, especially when the news involves money, not to mention that Lockhart has been deliberately spreading it all the time.The news that Lockhart and Gringotts made a lot of money from Muggles together is almostIt spread throughout the 
   upper class
    of wizards within a month, and Lockhart thought it was too slow.Everyone wanted to know how Lockhart had earned the money, and what he and the Malfoys were planning to invest in it.Of course, the most important point is whether they can still participate.They said they came to see the duel
    and 
   cared about the children
   , but in fact they wanted to take this opportunity to talk to Lockhart.For these self-proclaimed ancient and pure families, nothing is more important than 
   inheritance
   , and apart from education, the most important thing that allows them to continue the family glory is - family property.Although it sounds a bit stinky to say, the amount of money a family can control directly determines how much the family can do.Although the integrity of the Malfoy family is well known, everyone looks down on them to some extent, but because of his family's wealth, everyone has to respect him as the current leader of the Snake Sect even if they hold their noses.They didn't want their family to become like the Gaunts, down to one cottage and no house-elves to serve them.Therefore, after learning that there is a way to make money, even if they feel that there is little hope, they must come to Lockhart to ask for clarification.As for the Malfoy family, they didn't think that Lucius would tell them everything. For so many years, the Malfoy family had kept their investment channels secret. If they could find out, they would have already found out.As for the price for Lockhart to speak, they have already figured it out.
   We can take the family tree of the Shafiq family and prove that there was a Squib who changed his surname to Lockhart three generations ago, plus his mother's side is also considered pure blood for four generations. In this way, he is also pure blood I'm a wizard, and I'll make him a marriage with a pure-blood wizard in the future...he won't refuse.
   Chapter 130When the pure-blood wizards were ready to be slaughtered, they were surprised to find that Lockhart seemed to have no intention of hiding it.He ushered the distinguished guests into his increasingly luxurious office, seated them on the velvet upholstered sofa in front of the fireplace, and called Dobby the house-elf to pour them a nightcap.Judging from the entertainment alone, this set has the meaning of an ancient family, although most of the cards are supported by Dobby.
   What Gringotts and I are investing in is oil and the financial business derived from oil.
    He summoned a small blackboard out of thin air, and then began to explain, 
   Although the oil fields in the Middle East are good, they are Arab The site of the magician, so we chose the location in Nigeria, Africa.
   The pure-blood wizards present looked at each other, obviously they didn't understand what Lockhart was saying.They turned their attention to Mr. Farley, the most experienced among them, hoping that he could stand up and make an idea.
   Nigeria, I know, but what is oil?
    Mr. Farley opened his mouth and askedLockhart didn't look down on Mr. Farley because he didn't know this. In fact, he admired Mr. Farley because he asked when he didn't understand.If you want face now, reality will not give you face sooner or later.
   Good question—what is oil? I am afraid that even the high-level officials in many Muggle countries cannot fully explain this question, even if they talk about it every day.Lockhart first gave these 
   pure blood
    a step down, and then startedown agitation.
   Although Muggles don't know magic, the reason why they can still enjoy so many good things without magic power is their unlimited demands from nature.They drive vehicles, drive machines, and build factories, and their motivation for building these things is not magic, but those things that can burn in nature, such as wood, charcoal burned from wood, coal buried in the ground, and oil .Among these combustible things, oil currently has the best combination of efficiency, wide use and economic benefits.Many of the automobiles, airplanes, and ships that Muggles rely on for travel, as well as tractors for farming and generators for power generation, all need various types of oil after petroleum processing to drive them, while the plastics, paints, and asphalt they use Even the raw material of many medicines for curing diseases is petroleum.In other words, Muggles' dependence on oil is similar to our dependence on magic wands. Although we can still cast spells without it, the efficiency of life and work will be reduced to a heinous level. 
   Next, Lockhart took the 1973 oil crisis as an example, and told the audience about the impact of oil on the Muggle economy.Io Those countries in the Middle East did not monopolize oil, they just limited production and raised prices. The economy of the Muggle world fell sharply because of this, and the high-speed development period of several countries ended because of this. After gold is bound, it is bound to oil instead. 
   His lengthy introduction finally gave these wizards some idea of ​​oil.
   That is to say, it is a good thing to sell, but the price is high or low?
    Mr. Farley concluded.You are right.
   And as long as we control a considerable portion of oil production, we can control the Muggle world?
    Mr. Farley immediately asked again.Lockhart's expression froze for a moment: In theory, this is the case, but it is almost impossible, because in terms of value, all the wealth of our British wizarding world can only control three or five medium-sized oil fields, and their Not enough to affect Muggles as a whole   But we don't have to use money to control oil fields. With all the wizards in the world, it shouldn't be a problem to control tens of thousands of oil fields, right?
    Someone asked immediately.Lockhart decided to dismiss the group's unrealistic ideas.
   In that case, we will directly declare war on the Muggle world. Are you ready?
    Lockhart asked back.
   
   
Chapter 62   
   
   When Lockhart was questioning, he also glanced at the pure-blood wizard who said this, only to find that the other party's dress robes were very old.If there is no accident, his family should not be able to spend much money to invest in oil wells, no wonder they are so aggressive.The wizard wanted to say something more, but was stopped by the light coughing of his companions.Seeing that he stopped talking, Lockhart also pretended not to understand his subtext, but continued talking.
   ...We chose Nigeria because that country is very chaotic and poor. There are tens of thousands of large and small oil refineries ranging from public to private.
    The government can't control the opening of factories and other activities, so we can negotiate with their government, buy two pieces of land, and then cast the Muggle expulsion spell...
   
   I still want to buy?
    Someone couldn't help asking, 
   Didn't you just say that the government can't control those who open factories without permission?
   This time there was no need for Lockhart to explain, Mr. Farley answered for him.
   Nott, use your brains! If we also mine privately, what is the difference between us and Muggle thieves?
   The person reprimanded was unconvinced:    When do we need to pursue this kind of moral superiority? Or against Muggles?
   
   Fool.
    Farley replied coldly, 
   I mean to make money...Although I don't know what Muggle's 
   finance
    is, I think I understand some principles of business. 
   But he immediately saw from Nott's expression that he didn't understand what business was.
   If we steal Nigerian oil, then others will follow our example, and not only will there be conflicts, fires, but there will be price competition in the market, which will cost us a lot of money and money. energy.Therefore, we might as well simply buy the legal management rights from their Muggle government through the African wizarding community, and get their support by paying taxes to the government, and use the government's force to annex the competitor's business little by little. It ended up being an exclusive business... that's how we did it hundreds of years ago, and we still do it now, is it hard? 
   Lockhart was glad that among these people there were still one or two people who understood the truth. If there were no people who understood this truth, then he would have to reconsider the issue of cooperating with pure-blood families.
   I want to donate one thousand Galleons to the Hogwarts Alumni Association.
    Mr. Farley solemnly promised Lockhart, 
   Students should learn how to participate in politics when they are in school.
   /口Lockhart reached out to shake his hand as a thank you— There are not many thousand galleons. If it is an investment, it may only be enough to buy a small oil pump, but if it is just a donation to the school's student organization, the money is a little bit more.But this is also good, after the student union gets enough financial backing, they can be more lenient in controlling the funds of the club, and their power will be expanded a lot as a result.Lockhart immediately reciprocated:    I hope Miss Farley can help supervise the operation of the society even after she graduates.
   
   There is no shirkable responsibility.
    Mr. Farley understood, 
   Gemma has said many times that you are her favorite professor.
   Chapter 130 First ResultsMoney is touching, and in the face of the possibility of increasing family wealth, the pure-blood families didn't even bother to pay attention to the third-year finals of Slytherin.It's a Slytherin civil war anyway, nothing to be concerned about.In 
   Holy 28 Pure Blood
   , although Slytherin accounts for the majority, there are still Hufflepuff families like Abbott and Diggory, Gryffindor families like Weasley and Longbottom, and Ravenclaws like McMillan and Ollivander.Even the Slytherins, because they had more pressing things to do now.It would be frustrating for little Slytherins to know that their hard work is being ignored by their elders, but as long as they continue to grow, they will sooner or later understand the struggle for glory and power. difference between profitThe duel on the first day was not a good result for the little snakes of Slytherin. Although they successfully won the third-year championship in the end, this was expected before the match, but the first-year The defeat, and the success of Harry's leapfrog challenge, still made the Slytherins feel ashamed.Lockhart didn't get to see Harry's leapfrog challenge, but I heard that after Harry discovered the benefits of using a broom, he simply stopped on the broom for the entire leapfrog challenge, and the result was a third-year Slytherin The pot of poisonous tentacles that had been prepared was not used at all, and he could only watch Harry shoot spells and throw fireworks down in the air.Even though Slytherin protested afterwards that this could not be considered a duel at all, Gryffindor immediately retorted, saying that poisonous tentacles are also dangerous magical plants, but because the rules were not written, Slytherin took advantage of them.
   It's also because the rules are not written, you just didn't even take advantage of the loopholes.said Wood sarcastically.No matter how Slytherin protested, the broomstick was indeed a type of magic item according to the rules, and there was no reason why the broomstick could not be used to participate in a duel.This is a brand new topic for young wizards - when the battlefield changes from two-dimensional to three-dimensional, many tactics that were originally on the ground need to be redesigned, even if the height of the secret room and auditorium is actually limited. .It is said that after watching the duel, Mr. Fleet is ready to invite Harry to endorse his product, which is a new model of broom that he plans to launch next year - Twig 94This model will mainly use 
   safety
    and 
   spell resistance
    as its selling points, add more hand guards and footrests, and work harder on the overall firmness, supplemented by a curse-proof varnish, and strive to be on the comet, A new market has been squeezed out between the three major companies of Guanglun and Sweeping.The duel on the second day has not yet started, but this event has already borne a lot of fruit.Dumbledore received a donation of about [-] Galleons. Although the money was nothing compared to his own net worth, considering that the operating expenses of Hogwarts were not high, the money was enough for Hogwarts. Gewartz does many things.Of course, if, like the Ivy League universities in the United States, they would rather give the school football team coach an annual salary of 700 million U.S. dollars than an ordinary professor with an annual salary of 5 U.S. dollars, then no matter how much alumni donate, it will not be enough.In addition to the donations received by the school, Lockhart himself has also gained a lot. After discussing for a long time, the pure-blood families decided to send a few people to Africa for inspection at the end of the year.After the new industry was naturally monopolized by Muggle-born wizards, the old industry in the wizarding world gradually declined, and these families felt a sense of crisis about it.After all, the GuntersThe lessons learned from the past are still there, and they cannot allow their own family to sit back and eat.Lockhart advised them to pack armor and camping gear, because it was a mess in Nigeria.Some people often say sourly that some countries in the Middle East and South America can become rich, 
   Isn't it because of oil?
   But the example of Nigeria tells the world that even if some countries have rich natural resources and convenient transportation environment, as long as problems such as religion, military government and European and American interference in politics remain, they still cannot become rich.There are constant robberies and conflicts. In addition to robbers, there are also pirates stationed in the Gulf of Guinea all year round, and these bandits are not robbing ordinary people who have no oil and water, but oil refineries under the control of the military government.But there is a saying that goes well - 
   wealth and wealth are sought in danger
   .What the Nigerian military government is most worried about is no longer a problem under the Muggle Expulsion Curse. Only project wizards who are a headache for Muggle capitalists have room to intervene, and high-quality projects like the Middle East and Malay Oil is not their turn at all.And in 1993, Nigeria was about to usher in a coup, which was a great opportunity to reshuffle the cards, and it was this opportunity that Lockhart and Gringotts had been eyeing.If this came to fruition, Lockhart's political patronage would likely be far greater than Dumbledore's little donation.Just as Lockhart was content to watch the duel match the next night, the Malfoy family, which had been unusually quiet the day before, suddenly made a big move.Lucius Malfoy publicly announced before the duel that he would donate [-] Galleons a year to establish a Snake Academy Alumni Association in Slytherin College.
   The association will have full authority in the hands of the prefects, and the finances can be distributed freely, so that the students in our school will not be in danger of losing their meals.
    Lucius said.This kind of handwriting is really too big, so that it dwarfs other families who call themselves nobles, and has to donate all kinds of magic items instead to avoid horses.Alford Hog's limelight.Obviously, this is the reaction of the Malfoy family after being expelled from the trusteeship, and they want to use this opportunity to regain some power in Hogwarts.Even Dumbledore couldn't object to this. As the headmaster, he couldn't refuse donations from alumni to the school, even if the donations were targeted.This is the two sides of things. There are both advantages and disadvantages for the school to be in line with the society. The advantage is that both the school and the society can benefit from it. The disadvantage is that academics may no longer be pure, and society will try to intervene in school affairs.But this was not unexpected by Dumbledore, he had already guessed that the Malfoy family was likely to do this before implementing this plan.As rich people, when their money satisfies their extravagant life, the extra part actually means little to them.When a person has thousands of cows, but he can only eat two or three cows a year, the only meaning for him is to use them to support other people, and exchange them for theirs. Serve.Lockhart advised Dumbledore to relax.
   If you don't want the Ministry of Magic to intervene, then you have to involve the public in the running of the school's affairs, with checks and balances between academic education, socioeconomics and politics.Dumbledore shook his head lightly:    I'm not really worried about it, I just don't know if the number of dark wizards following that person will increase or decrease after this continues.
   Lockhart dismissed Dumbledore's concern.
   You may wish to recall who is supporting that guy----some people are coerced because they are afraid of him, the reason why Malfoy is like a wall is because he shows strength, and the iron heart follows His Death Eaters... aren't the ones who are powerful but lose their financial resources for lack of workaroundsBroken down? 
   Like the Carol brothers and sisters of the Nott family, the Dolohov Lestrange couple Regulus Black, basically people who have no brains and are addicted to the past family glory will follow him, even if Regulus Si finally came to his senses, and he couldn't escape the fact that he had been an idiot.But it’s also understandable. It’s always painful to admit the truth. When a person doubts himself, if someone suddenly tells them that the world should be ours, and weaves a set of words for it, you will also I think he speaks very wellThat's why the core Death Eaters have the image of being less than shrewd and more than brutal in front of the world. It is rare to have people with brains like Barty Crouch Jr. and Snape, so of course Voldemort must reuse them.If all the wizards had a family and business, a happy life, harmonious relationships, and money to eat, drink, whore and gamble, who would want to engage in terrorist activities with Voldemort?Dumbledore nodded:    I think so too, but I'm not always right
   Relax, principal, we are on the right path.
    Luo said.Hart said boldlyChapter 130 The Second Sneaking EnemyJust as the situation at Hogwarts was undercurrents, the secret room duel that was on the bright side finally came to an end.Not surprisingly, the champion of the fourth grade group was Cedric Diggory.Cedric's fighting style is much simpler than others, but his calmness is beyond the reach of others.From the beginning to the end, Cedric used some small spells familiar to the students, such as Transfiguration, Cloud Mist, Snowball, Magic Missile, Repelling, Disarming, and Stunning, but the timing of his release And the calmness of seeing and dismantling moves made him invincible.With his own father cheering on him, Cedric easily defeated his final opponent, George Weasley, in a scene that prevented Harry from even challenging him.He then challenged the fifth-grade champion consecutively, and successfully defeated Slytherin's C. Warrington.The Slytherins were relieved that Cedric hadn't challenged the sixth year, given how magical wizards had grown into adulthood, but it had been enough for his father to brag about for a few years.But the seventh-grade student of the Tumor Institute, the Gobstone player Kevin Hopwood, who was purely playing for tickets, relied on his rich understanding of the opponent's tactics to win a round in the finals by trickery.If it wasn't for Slytherin's senior in the winner's bracket, the champion who is about to win would have just flown away like this.The Slytherin house was afraid that their headmaster would get angry, but Snape didn't seem very angry, maybe it had something to do with his mother being the captain of Hogwarts Gobstones back thenIn any case, Slytherin has won three year group championships, of whichIt also includes the seventh grade with the highest gold content, and is still the biggest winner of the duel.But this is not their biggest gain. The biggest gain is that Slytherin College got a lot of money, which can be used for future 
   arms race
   Even if Dumbledore wanted to be biased, he would have to add 300 points to Slytherin, while the Sa Academy with a leapfrog challenge added 150, the Lion Academy 250, and the Eagle Academy 100.Students in several other colleges will be worried about this. If the Slytherins monopolize the dueling club's right to speak, then the resources of other colleges will definitely be squeezed because of this. In addition to Quidditch, the Snake Academy has It's definitely not a good thing to have a big point-earning project.They told their elders about this and hoped that they would give more funding, but at this time the elders were more concerned about how many people the investment project in Africa could bring in and how much stable income it could bring them.Lockhart has obviously come together with Dumbledore. Although they didn't say it clearly, those who can join the investment group must be people who are biased in terms of political stance, and they are mentally prepared for this. .
   Get what you can get first, and then think about the next step.
    Farley said to his companion.When everything seemed to be going smoothly, an article was published in the 
   Wizard Politics
    magazine, which reported the Hogwarts duel event before the 
   Daily Prophet
   .
   Students' vocation is to learn so that they can achieve something in the future. And the reason why parents send their children to Hogwarts is not to let them perform juggling in public like circus monkeys.
   
   Dumbledore spent his life preaching love and peace, but he incited confrontation and struggle in his own school.
   
   When the smell of copper enters the campus, can academics still be impartial?
   The field outside the Forbidden Forest has been isolated by hedges, the thousand-year-old secret room has been reopened, the Defense Against the Dark Arts professor teaches students black magic, the Potions professor allows students to poison You-inch's hands, the Charms professor teaches killing spells, magical creatures The professor released fire crabs in public...Hogwarts is building an unprecedented army?
   When Percy showed the editorial to Lockhart, Lockhart's first reaction was to take aim at the author.Then he saw a familiar name in the author column——Rita Skeeter.
   As expected of her, the angle is still as tricky as ever.
    Lockhart praised casually.But Percy was a little distressed. He came to Lockhart with this editorial, obviously not to hear Lockhart's praise of Ms. Skeeter.
   We can ignore the information in the newspapers and public opinion for the time being, but we need to find out which guest made the incident go public.
    Percy said with a frown.
   Guests? Why do you doubt them?
    Lockhart asked back.He didn't think it was revealed by the guests, even if there were people like Malfoy among them who were destined not to pee in the same pot as Dumbledore.In addition to some people who have made up their minds to get involved in this matter, a considerable number of alumni are still waiting to see.These people have no reason to openly oppose the school at this time.Even if you want to fight against them, you should wait until they don't get the right benefits and go outside before exposing them.
   It contains a lot of scenes on the duel field, as well as changes inside and outside the school. Although it is slightly exaggerated, if it is not someone who has been here and pays special attention, it is impossible to know so many details.
   Percy's words were well-founded, but Lockhart knew something Percy didn't know now, so he didn't agree with him.
   If it's that, I'm afraid you're worrying too much. Maybe she saw it herself and chose to distort the facts.
   Percy shook his head again and again:    It's impossible, Skeeter is not on the guest list we invited.
   
   Yeah.
    Lockhart stared at 
   Wizard Politics
    with a thoughtful expression, 
   Maybe she came uninvited.
   Percy was a little anxious, because Lockhart seemed to be implying that the selection of guests for the Student Union had not been done well.
   Even if she sneaks into the castle, it is impossible to enter the secret room. We have checked the identities of the guests who participated in the secret room concert and watched the duel one by one. We checked not only the invitations, but also...
   Lockhart smiled apologetically at him:    That's not what I meant, you're thinking too much. I've already guessed how Rita Skeeter sneaked into the secret room, and it has nothing to do with your work...I'm going to find out The principal borrowed the Pensieve to confirm that we had indeed seen her somewhere by accident, but we didn't pay attention.
   The Pensieve is a good thing. It can perfectly reproduce the memories of a wizard, and it is also a real-time scene reproduction. This is very suitable for people who have forgotten some details unintentionally.
   
   
Chapter 63   
   
   Lockhart wanted to make sure that Rita Skeeter had sneaked into the secret room when no one noticed.If so, he will definitely make her pay the price.Chapter 130 The third game must be played within the rulesAfter returning from the principal's office, Lockhart was sure that Rita Skeeter had indeed sneaked in.When entertaining the alumni for dinner in the auditorium, a rogue dark green beetle was poking around the corner of the table; Sometimes, it got into the belly of the judging table-no wonder Percy was annoyed by this, because Rita Skeeter even got his judging standards.It seems that Rita Skeeter still knew how much she weighed, so she didn't approach Dumbledore or Professor Flitwick rashly.She knew that if she got too close to the two of them, she would be discovered by the two who were extremely sensitive to magic.Although it is not sure whether she came in with the guests or through which channel she sneaked in, it doesn't matter, what matters is what the Ministry of Magic is going to do.Because her position is leaning towards the powerful, that is, the Ministry of Magic.The reason why she came here to find trouble now must be because there are powerful people in the Ministry of Magic who need her to find trouble.This wasn't surprising, but the only thing he wanted to know was who the Ministry was targeting this time, and to what extent.Lockhart vaguely felt that this time the person who would be troubled was himself, not Dumbledore.He guessed right.In the next few days, Lockhart has been dealing with dueling club affairs and preparing for the final exams of each grade. By the way, he glanced at the aftermath of Rita Skeeter's editorial. .Rita Skeeter's editorial sparked heated discussions on 
   Wizard Politics
   . Some people think that there is nothing wrong with letting children develop a sense of honor and dueling skills from an early age.Among the more fierce opponents, he will say that the reason why Hogwarts wants to build the Duelist Club is purely because 
   certain professors
    want to reap fame and fortune; those who are a little more moderate will also act as an 
   ordinary parent
    Question the safety of the club and worry about whether your children will be violent because of it.As for those in favor, in Lockhart's view, it is worse than the opposition-they claim that 
   duels can help increase the sales of magic equipment, and can also make magical creature breeding more profitable, which can increase jobs.
    .But this kind of speech seems to be supporting himself, but it actually puts Lockhart on the fire-because it implies that 
   the dueling club that sacrifices the safety of students is for profit.
   Finally, civil servants from the Department of Magic and Magical Creatures, the Office of Experimentation with Spells and the Office of Misuse of Magic Items all came forward to speak out, expressing concerns about the future of the Dueling Club.
   In a peaceful age, such a confrontation would be too strong, and there is no need for it. This will increase the possibility of the abuse of magic items and black magic items.
   
   Students in this age group are relatively impulsive, and there is a high probability that something unexpected will happen. I can't guarantee that they can use relatively mild spells to solve problems every time.
   
   The current rating standards for the danger of magical creatures are not perfect. Among them, there are many 3X creatures whose destructive power is higher than 4X. It is only because of their relatively mild temperament that the risk rating has been weakened. But if the students are right If they take it lightly, or provoke them, then they may cause a bloody disaster at any timeAfter several officials of the Ministry of Magic spoke successively, the wind direction of 
   Wizard Politics
    immediatelyAfter hearing the news, this time the direction of public opinion has mainly become negative.Lockhart was well aware of this change in wind direction, but he wasn't very worried about it.Fudge probably doesn't intend to tear himself apart with Dumbledore yet, so this time it's 
   Wizard Politics
    instead of 
   Daily Prophet
    that published the news, and the readers of this newspaper are not even as large as 
   Witch Weekly
   , maybe only more than 
   The Quibbler
    Takes More/\However, most of its readers are civil servants of the Ministry of Magic, as well as powerful families who are more concerned about politics, and what it can influence is the tendency of these people.The warning in this is already obvious-if Lockhart continues to be his idol or best-selling book author, he can let it go, but if he intends to enter politics: he must first understand his identity.In other words, who is the boss.So Lockhart didn't intend to do something to Rita Skeeter right away, because doing it now would be tantamount to slapping some people in the Ministry of Magic severely.No matter how Ms. Skeeter was coerced, blackmailed, and lured by him to defect, or even simply make her disappear completely, as long as the Ministry of Magic finds that this reporter no longer provides them with materials, it means that Lockhart has made a move on Skeeter. hands.As long as Lockhart dares to act, it means that he is clearly declaring to the above-   I will replace you
   It's cool to do this, but as a politician, Lockhart can't play childish temper, like a second-year boy, and get angry at whoever refuses to accept it.Because Lockhart is well aware of the rules governing the operation of the civil service system, and he understands that the system on the wizard's side is still crude.Article [-] of the Ten Rules for Civil Servants: Subordinates must absolutely obey the orders of their superiors.Even if Lockhart has not yet joined the Ministry of Magic, since he has made it clear thatIf he understands this wish, then he must act in accordance with the rules of the systemIn the rules of civil servants, it is best for the upper level not to bypass the middle level to handle grassroots affairs, and the lower level should absolutely obey the orders of the higher level and not report beyond the level.Everyone performs their duties and does things within the scope of their responsibilities.No superior would like a recalcitrant subordinate, even if Lockhart claimed that he was only targeting Fudge.Which department dares to take a staff member who dares to openly challenge the minister before joining the Ministry of Magic?If Lockhart wanted to break the obedience rules of civil servants for his own benefit, then Lockhart's enemy would not only be Fudge, but the entire Ministry of Magic.On the other hand, on Fudge's side, although Rita Skeeter's petty tricks this time were a bit nasty, the Fudge faction's actions fully complied with the rules of the political game, and no one acted beyond their authority.Their doubts about the Dueling Club are well-founded, and they can even be said to be a matter of their own duty. This accusation is justified.Since the enemy wants to play with you according to the rules, you'd better not be impulsive.Compared to the calm Lockhart, the students of the Student Union and Dueling Club seemed more worried.They managed to get the power and money to expand, and they didn't want to hand over all these things. If the Dueling Club was forced to shut down, they would suffer accordingly.Especially the Weasley twins, they don't want their good days of making money to end like this.Of course, someone like Harry had a very simple purpose-he just didn't want this fun project to disappear.Seeing that they looked like snakes, Lockhart simply took the opportunity of giving out prizes to reassure them that the Dueling Club would never be shut down.   Don't worry, the Ministry of Magic is forcing me to take a stand, and I will take care of this matter.
    He comforted Cedric and Harry and said, 
   Professor Snape's Felix Elixir is out, you guys The prizes will be given out this weekend... I have thought about what kind of money I wantIs it numbered?Chapter 130 Four: Fudge's PressureOver the weekend, as agreed, Lockhart helped the champion wizards of each year to crystallize their real names.Professor Snape's Felix Elixir has been spared, and Professor Slughorn's and Mr. Granger's Felix Elixir have also arrived. It seems that the rhythm and radio waves of these Potion Masters are very close...   Lockhart made a small joke at first, and then said that because there were too many potions, he asked these little wizards to call the runner-up of the final, and he wanted to open a big deal today.After all the people arrived, he began to explain the magic principle of condensing the real name to these little wizards.
   Although the real name can be chosen casually, it is best to match your thoughts and values, because it represents a kind of 
   essence
   . 
   Lockhart explained that Mudagger is a very cowardly person. If you want him to be named 
   Wildman
   , although it is not impossible, the effect will be greatly reduced, so you'd better not make a fuss. 
   
   What about that man?
   What essence does that name represent? 
   Harry was curious.^Vldsrnrt If you look at it from the French sense, it means 
   fly away from death
   , which means that Tom Riddle has been a coward since he was a child, and he has been looking for a way to live forever, which is in line with his essence.
    Lockhart opened his mouth just comeThe others gasped - not only had they pronounced the name for Lockhart, but he had dared to call the man a coward.However, they also understand some rules of 
   true name
   -that is, to give up part of self in exchange for the enhancement of another part of self.
   The magic of condensing your real name is called 
   Holy Words of Creation
   . It needs to be used when a person is determined and the magic power runs through his whole body. Come here if you are ready, and I will help you condense it. 
   Probably because Lockhart's character design is quite full, and he also assured that there is no danger, so the little wizards quickly launched a volunteer.Lockhart made him take a sip of Felix Elixir, and then asked him to recall the real name he wanted to congeal and the reason for congealing it, then used the Word of Creation, and began to channel the emotions in the relevant part of his brain.With the help of the Elixir of Felicity, this process seems to be extremely smooth. Although it is not impossible without it, I am afraid that it will fail many times.Harry got the coveted 
   Wind Chaser
   -he gave up the black magic that would cause irreversible damage to enhance his reaction speed and magic power mobilization speed for spellcasting.Mason was leaving 
   Mason the Splendid
   , but Cedric chose 
   Diggory the Introspective
   .As the runner-up, Hermione chose 
   Hermione of Natural History
   , saying that she hoped to speed up her learning.As for the discarded part, Hermione hesitated for a long time, and then consulted Professor McGonagall.Seeing her sincere question, Professor McGonagall 
   kindly
    reminded her that 
   divination is the most uncertain and useless knowledge
   , so Hermione gave up the possibility of going to divination early.After obtaining their real names, some young wizards chose to publicize them immediately, while others chose to do the same as Lockhart: to conceal their real names.It was precisely because of this topic that the little wizards persistently asked Lockhart about his real name again, and Lockhart evaded it briskly again.Fortunately, the little wizards are busy trying their own new powers, but these reallyThe names have just been condensed, and the effect is only a little better than before they condensed.   Don't forget my words, the real name needs to be constantly strengthened, and as you practice your own path further and further, its magic power will also increase with your beliefs.
    Lockhart reminded them.Before leaving, Lockhart poured out a sip of Felix Elixir, put it into a round glass bottle the size of an eyeball, and slipped it into Hermione's hand secretly while others were not paying attention.Make a statement. He whispered to Hermione, 
   You know who this is for, and you should have memorized the spell too, don't you?
    
   Hermione blushed, 
   I remember... Lockhart.
   After sending the students out, Lockhart returned to his office, intentionally or unintentionally picked up the candy box on the table—it had been eaten by the little wizards.
   I think we need to talk, Ms. Skeeter,
    said Lockhart suddenly. 
   Fly around!
   —The beetle, which only stayed on the windowsill, was suddenly caught by the candy box before it had time to react.In the early morning of the second day, Fudge came to work at Hogwarts with a full stomachAlthough it is said that he has been very covert in his actions these days, to say that no one has noticed the little actions he and Umbridge made is to underestimate those who have been playing politics all the year round.Some people who are very powerful in the political arena have recently had 
   heart-to-heart talks
    with Fudge through owl correspondence or even door-to-door visitsThe content of their heart-to-heart talks is also very simple-we don't care who you want to target, anyway, we are doing things according to the rules, and we have no intention of interfering.However, no matter how you make small moves, these actions cannot harm the interests of our family.In other words, if this matter is only at the level of power struggle, then they will not pursue it.Fudge felt pressured by this—the way he used to attack Lockhart was to attack the Dueling Club, and hoped to use parental pressure to make it dirty.Whether Lockhart came to the Ministry with a failed project or a successful one had very different effects.If it was the latter, then he could take this opportunity to demonstrate his ability to run political activities, and his position as Minister of Magic would be in jeopardy.Under the imperial system of heads of state, the method used by the emperor, king, dictator, or head of state to control the lower levels is to prevent any local forces except themselves from having the ability to independently operate political affairs, even if it will delay front-line battles or even Even disaster relief will be spared.No matter how nervous the grassroots are, a qualified king will require the frontline or local governments to send letters to the central government day and night to ask for instructions: Even if some things can be done urgently, they must be reported to the central government to complete the procedures afterwards. Kings who cannot insist on this Basically, they are controlled by powerful ministers.It's easy to understand—if a subordinate can handle things by himself, why would the emperor be needed?After entering the modern information society, this procedure has not been reduced due to the increase in levels. On the contrary, the degree of centralization has been expanded due to the emergence of telegraph, radio, network and other technologies, because even    power in a hurry
    There is time to report.Although Fudge may not understand this systematically enough, his instinct as a politician still makes him extra vigilant about it—if Lockhart can run a big profitable project without going through the Ministry of Magic, then the Ministry of Magic is still the Ministry of Magic ?Just as he was sitting blankly on the chair, not knowing what to think, hisThe secretary sent him a copy of that day's Daily Prophet
   Please take a look at the news above, the fourth page, there is important news.
    The secretary respectfully delivered the newspaper to his desk.Fudge listlessly opened the paper, albeit impatiently.As a politician, he may not know the operation of the department and the efficiency of governance, but he must pay attention to newspaper news, otherwise he really does not know anythingBut after seeing the above news, Fudge was overjoyed immediately.
   Stop!
    he yelled.P.So forgot to updateChapter 130 Five Olive BranchesThe reason Fudge was happy was naturally that his troubles had finally been resolved.On the 
   Daily Prophet
   , an article titled 
   The Imperfect Dueling Club Urgently Needs Supervision
    was recently published.If one only looked at the title, Fudge would have thought that someone who wanted to flatter him was helping to attack Deng Buhe II's faction, but upon closer inspection, the signed author of this article was actually Gilderoy Lockhart himself.This article lists in detail some of the problems faced by the Hogwarts Dueling Club, such as all kinds of miscellaneous spells whose power cannot be judged, all kinds of magic items and magical creatures. It is difficult to identify it due to the configuration of personnel.In addition, it has not done enough in publicity and external publicity, and it is in urgent need of further improvement.After talking about the difficulties faced by the Dueling Club, Lockhart changed the subject and talked about 
   under Fudge's leadership
   , British sports such as Quidditch, Gobstones, Pegasus Racing, and Bowls over the years 
   Flourishing
   , and the great achievements of the Irish team in the World Cup.Although foreigners seem to no longer think that Ireland is still part of the Great Empire, as a civil servant within the system, Lockhart must have the consciousness of never forgetting unity.
   Since the All-England Wizarding Duel in 1430, when Eberta Tussel defeated Samson Webling with the Explosion Curse, our wizarding world has not seen this symbolic traditional competition for many years. up.But now, our productivity has been greatly developed, and at the same time we have an efficient and courageous leadership team. I believe that it will only take a moment to restore this once-in-a-thousand-year grand occasion. 
   Finally, Lockhart White wrote in Wentong o 
   an early, bullishThe movement needs to be healthy and healthy, and someone with relevant experience and high morals in the Ministry of Magic should take up this responsibility. 
   After Fudge finished reading this article, he felt as if his bones had lost more than ten pounds, and his whole body felt a little floating.
   They surrendered, haha!
   Fudge reached into the secret compartment of his drawer, wanting to take out his treasured Zunma wine and pour a glass, but then remembered that there was someone beside him.
   Call Ludo Bagman, I have something to say to him,
    Fudge called to his assistant.The assistant agreed, and walked out without asking any more questions. He knew where to find someone.Ludo Bagman is the director of the Department of Magical Sports and Sports. He was also a former Quidditch star hitter and national team member.It was self-evident that Fudge wanted to see him, and that was to add another office to the Sports Division.Since he took office, Fudge heard that Bagman has been cruising around the stadiums of major football games, and even cheered for certain teams on the sidelines with those fanatical fans. He is a very enthusiastic and energetic guy.So you can't find him by using paper airplanes to send messages. That is only useful in the Ministry of Magic. Even using owls in retro style would take too long.Fudge had enough time to celebrate with a drink or two before his assistant called Bagman over.After all, 
   the importance of a department depends on the number of civil servants and the budget it can control.
    If Fauci wanted to increase the number of staff for the Sports Department, Bagman would definitely not refuse.After the assistant went out, Fudge poured himself a glass of wine leisurely, took a sip, and savored the taste of victory carefully.Whatever the reason, Lockhart and Dumbledore were clearly worried that the Ministry of Magic would confiscate their business, so they surrendered and handed some control to the Ministry - an outcome that was perfectly acceptable to Fudge.
   
   
Chapter 64   
   
   No matter how famous you are outside, as long as you enter the Ministry of Magic and enter my territory: don't you have to be obedient, Fudge thought proudly.But just as he was swinging the cup in his hand, his thoughts were interrupted by a hasty knock on the office door.Back so soon?Didn't Bagman go to the stadium today to inspect the status of the national team players?Fudge hurriedly poured the residual wine in the glass into the evergreen potted plant on the corner of the table, and stuffed the wine bottle back into the dark compartment of the drawer.Then he tidied up his appearance before clearing his throat and shouting towards the door.Who is Di?please come in.    The door was quickly pushed open, and a pink thing squeezed in from the door frame
   Good morning, Minister.
    Dolores Umbridge greeted, 
   Have you read today's morning paper?
   
   See, we've won big.
   Because he was in a good mood, Fudge felt that he could bear a little bit of the vice minister's eccentricities today.
   Big victory?
    Umbridge asked rhetorically.She sniffed her nose, and smelled the mixed smell of herbal juice and her favorite alcohol from the air. It seems that this minister has already drunk the celebration wine?Thinking of this, she glanced at the evergreen on the corner of the table again—although the pot of evergreen is known as 
   a lazy person can't feed it to death
   , it has only been on Fudge's table for two monthsMore than half of it has withered, and I really don't know how he usually raises it.Fudge still doesn't know that his childlike cover-up has been seen through by the deputy minister, and now he just wants to expel the deputy minister as soon as possible, so that he can taste the taste of victory alone for a while.
   Yes, a complete victory. Dumbledore and Lockhart have already surrendered.
    Fudge said with a red face, 
   I decided to send Ludo Bagman to receive it. After two years, we will hold a bigger one.
    One by one, like the Great Britannia Duel of Wizards.
   Umbridge sighed deeply:    My dear minister, I'm afraid things are not as simple as you think.
   Fudge's smile restrained a little:    What? You mean, they will do some little tricks?
   
   Small tricks? No, they don't need to do tricks. I'm afraid we've already been fooled.
    Umbridge turned his head away.After hearing this, Fudge sat up a little more.
   Tricked? What do you mean? As long as we determine the rules of the duel, what else can they do?
   Umbridge folded his hands, trying to make his words seem authoritative.-
   They conceded too quickly, Minister. It shows that it was the alumni association they intended to run, not the dueling club. It's not a surrender.
   Fudge tried to tone himself down a bit:    But...it's their concession after all, and everyone can see it.
   
   Yeah, they chose to use this to divert our attention, thereby covering up a deeper purpose, although we don't know what their purpose is yet.
   
   ...Seriously, Dolores, I think you are too sensitive.
    Fudge felt that her thinking was a little weird.
   Look, it's not as complicated as you think, we just need to make sureThey will not develop their military power secretly.As for the alumni association, I have also inquired about it from other sources. It is just a pure money business. If we want to restrict this, I am afraid that everyone will oppose us. 
   The hypocritical smirk on Umbridge's face gradually disappeared:    But this is powerStruggle, minister, both sides must fight to the death before they can feel at ease.Now that we have offended Dumbledore, and we have something we can use against them, do we really want to give up the pursuit because of their concession? 
   Fudge gets impatient: Udan politics is not a zero sum >>, Dolores, it's normal for people to disagree, you can't just put someone to the left because they disagree with you... you last time I read the report that was handed in, and it said that Dumbledore and Lockhart entered Azkaban and visited the Death Eaters' area.    
   Yes.
    Umbridge replied immediately, 
   Although I don't know who it is, it should be where the Death Eaters are. We can just...
   
   Nothing good 'for that' at all.
    
   Fudge's tone became more and more impatient, 
   Both of them are masters against black magic. If they want to, they have ten thousand reasons to explain why they went there. Our attack will be in vain unless there is evidence to prove that they planned Jailbreak or something...Since we can't prove them to death, we can only compromise.Okay, I'm tired, please hold the door for me when you go out, and check if Bagman from the Department of Magical Sports and Sports is back. 
   After all, it is not Umbridge who has been under the pressure of the Snake faction bosses these days, but Fudge himself. If he dares to interfere with these people's plans to make money, then Fudge, who has already betrayed the Lion faction, may not have any good results edible.After Umbridge walked out of Fudge's office, his expression darkened instantly.This fat idiot, does it really matter what the truth is?As long as you defeat these 
   enemies
   , then the truth is not up to you?No, this matter must not be left alone!Umbridge walked towards his office with a clouded face, but one trick after another was flashing in his heart.What Fudge said just now suddenly gave Umbridge a burst of inspiration-
   Our attack will be futile unless there is evidence that they planned a prison break or something.
   What if the vicious Death Eaters escaped from Azkaban just after the two men visited the prison?Once the thought had passed through Umbridge's mind, it could never get out of there.Umbridge felt that at the end of the day, he only had to give Rita Skeeter the information secretly, and she would naturally help him write an article that confuses black and white with fake ones.Very well, Fudge, since you won't go to the end, I'll do it.For some reason, Umbridge's expression looked a little hideous.Chapter 130 Sixth, Prepare to SneakAfter the 
   Daily Prophet
    published Lockhart's sycophantic article, the discussion of 
   Wizard Politics
    about the Dueling Club suddenly dropped several levels.And when the director of the Department of Magical Sports and Sports, Ludo Bagman, also stood up and shouted, the matter was basically settled.
   Wizard duels are our glorious tradition. In the process of development, we will inevitably encounter many unprecedented problems, but we can't give up because of fear. On this point, the minister and I basically agree-that is, the wizards of Britain There will be a real revival.Although I can't disclose more information now, what I can tell you is that another competition with a tradition of hundreds of years is also being prepared, and the championship prize will be as high as [-] Galleons. surprise. 
   In addition to this public statement, Lockhart also learned some information from other private sources.The people in the memory write-off office told him very mysteriously that Barty Crouch of the Department of International Magical Cooperation and Rufus Scrimgeour of the Auror Office of the Department of Magical Law Enforcement had quarreled in Fudge's office.The famous Gilderoy Lockhart will resign from Hogwarts within a month and come to the Ministry of Magic to find a job. It is no news now.Rufus Scrimgeour felt that there shouldn't even be a doubt that a wizard like Lockhart, who specialized in fighting the Dark Arts, deserved to be in the Auror office.But Barty Crouch thinks this is too condescending, now is a peaceful age, and the Ministry of Magic does not lack well-trained thugs; such as Alastor Moody, a veteran Auror, and Kingsley For a pure-blood wizard rookie like Shaker, one moreGilderoy Lockhart is just icing on the cake.As an internationally renowned wizard, Lockhart has also run economic projects, not to mention being recommended by Dumbledore to join the International Federation of Wizards. Obviously, he should work in the International Cooperation Department.As for simply treating him as a thug, it is too wasteful.Of course Scrimgeour refused to accept it, so the two quarreled in public.Of course, they didn't love talents. In fact, they didn't have any quarrel with Lockhart, but they all knew that no matter who it was, as long as Lockhart was recruited into their department, then this department would get more rewards. attention and resources.They all forgot one thing at the same time, that is, although Lockhart's volunteer is the Law Enforcement Department, he is not an Auror, but the 
   memory, +/
    ​​than CZ1
    under 
   Magical Accidents and Disasters
   Zhuang {from the shellLockhart intends to start from this position, and then become a member of the Muggle Affairs Mediation Committee, leading the limited trade between the wizarding world and the Muggle world in the future-this is his next plan.But now it seems that the people in the Ministry of Magic will not let him get his wish so easily.In addition, the newly established Wizarding Duel Competition Office in the Department of Magical Sports, and the Beast Office under the Department of Magical Creatures Management all hope to recruit Lockhart into its banner.It's just that they are soft-spoken, not as tough as the two 
   Directors of the General Public Security Bureau
    and 
   Minister of Foreign Affairs
   .After confirming that he has a promising future, Lockhart knows that his timely 
   admitting counsel
    has finally been recognized by these future colleagues, and he can relax.Only when he shows enough respect for the civil service system, the civil service system will open the door to him. This is a minimum rule.After being relieved, Lockhart finally calmed down and prepared to stand up for his last stand.Ban Gang.As the mandrake matured, Colin Creevey, Mrs. Norris, andNick, who is almost headless, is finally all in the Mandela recovery potion configured by Snapedown returned to normal.Unsurprisingly, when Colin Creevey heard that he had missed half a year of classes and had only one month left until the final exam, he almost collapsed.Fortunately, the professors knew about his situation, so they successively asked their classmates to help him complete his notes, and they also gave him a little treatment.As Dumbledore said, the first-year courses were not difficult, and even the few Slytherin students who repeated the grade were not forced to repeat the grade in the first grade.After studying hard for two weeks, Colin felt that he could handle the written test, and then he only needed to continue to consolidate the practical training of transformation and spells.The second round of review for the fifth and seventh graders was almost done, and Lockhart felt that as long as the students wanted to, even the worst grades in the exam could get an 
   A (pass)
   .As for those lower graders, Lockhart decided to take the practical exam directly at the end of the term.Hagrid did have a way of cultivating magical plants. The hedge planted at the beginning of the year had grown to a height of more than two meters in April. After a little pruning, a maze emerged in front of the little wizards.It's a pity that Lockhart can't stay in the school to supervise the exams of the little wizards, he has to go to the devil as soon as possible.Judging from 
   historical experience
   , the professors of the Defense Against the Dark Arts class will encounter accidents around the final exam, and Lockhart dare not wait until the last moment.Being able to run away half a month in advance is already the result of overcoming a huge psychological obstacle.Some people have stronger magical powers and can survive after resisting Voldemort's curse, such as Lupine, but they are forced to resign.As for those who are not strong enough in magic power and will, they will either die unexpectedly or suffersome irreversible damage.It is worth mentioning that although Dolores Umbridge's strength is not strong, at least she can cast a physical Patronus Charm. This alone is stronger than many people in the Department of Law Enforcement. .As for the damage she received from the centaur in the Forbidden Forest... Well, everyone is curious, especially those bestiality lovers.Anyway, Master Rowling’s Spring and Autumn strokes only recorded that she was “not injured from the outside”, “has been in a daze”, and was afraid when she heard hoofbeats. Obviously, she had PTSD of the horsemanIf things are really as imagined, then those horse people's tastes are really a bit heavy.No matter what kind of result it is, Lockhart doesn't want to accept it now, so he decisively slipped away.For this reason, he hired someone to help him supervise, that is Hagrid.Hagrid's reputation was restored after the Chamber of Secrets incident was resolved, and the Ministry of Magic also eliminated his previous bad records. Even stealing acromantids in Hogwarts is actually illegal.The Ministry of Magic not only lifted Hagrid's 
   suspect
    control, but even generously gave him a special creature breeding license, allowing him to raise some 
   less dangerous
    magical creatures 
   within his ability
   — As we all know, the poisonhorn, the three-headed dog, and even the Norwegian Ridgeback didn't seem too dangerous to Hagrid.As the price of lenient, Hagrid was asked not to speak out about the matter. The Ministry of Magic was going to stuff the truth of the matter deeply into the archives, and by the way, shift the responsibility to the previous headmaster of Hogwarts, Dippet A. On Mundo.Rather than 
   rehabilitate
    with great fanfare, Hagrid would of course prefer to raise those big guys, so the deal was happily completed.As Hagrid, who is about to take the Protection of Magical Creatures class, he is also happy to helpLockhart was doing himself a favor so he could learn something about being a professor.Chapter 120 Seven Final ExamsAlthough it is already April, after a wave of cold spring, another layer of snow still fell on the Scottish Highlands.Seeing that Haruyuki had coated the outside of the castle with another layer of silver, Lockhart was a little worried about the venue of his final exam, so he went to the Forbidden Forest to have a look.But he was obviously worrying too much, Hagrid took good care of it, and the hedge had grown to nearly two meters, and it seemed that it would definitely grow to three meters by the end of May.So Lockhart invited Hagrid to the Three Broomsticks for a drink in the name of reward, and Hagrid happily followed.Lockhart knew that Hagrid liked the contents of this glass very much, and this invitation should be exactly what he wanted, but Hagrid seemed to have something on his mind, and he didn't drink very happily.
   What, what's on your mind?
    He asked proactively.Hagrid wanted to act like nothing was wrong, but if he could keep it under wraps, Snape would be able to smile brightly.Obviously, neither can be done.Hagrid poured a bottle of mead into his glass with a thud, only to find that the bottle was empty and his glass was not quite full.
   Let's be honest...I suddenly realized...well, I don't really know how to be a professor.
   As he spoke, he drank the wine in the glass, so that Lockhart could not tell whether he was blushing from the wine or from embarrassment.So that was the case, Lockhart understood.
   Seriously, Hagrid, you should be more confident, given your current attitude towards magical creaturesKnowing that even teaching [-]th graders can control their voices (NEWTs),Let’s not talk about Professor Kettleburn, even Tilly Tork, he probably doesn’t have as much experience in dealing with large creatures as you, maybe only Master Scamander…”Hagrid waved his hands again and again:    I dare not stand shoulder to shoulder with Mr. Scamander, you are too flattering to me, Gilderoy.
   
   I know, but it's a legend.
    Lockhart reassured him, 
   Don't worry, your level is definitely enough, whether it is theoretical or practical level. 
   
   But I haven't taken a class yet, I don't know how to teach at all.
    Hagrid was a little distressed, 
   I remember it was your first time teaching, but I heard you did a pretty good job, if you would let me sit in In two classes...
   It's not a big deal, just come and listen. 
   Lockhart agreed right away, our classes are the hands-on type, and the students like that. You just need to follow the syllabus step by step, and give them a little surprise every now and then...
   
   Exam syllabus?
   Hagrid's eyes widened, as though this was the first time he'd thought of it.Exam scores are as important as practice. In addition, you must not forget Ms. Timms from the eel farm. Her donation is to let us train students who know how to serve the sound bird and the muttra. 
   
   
   
Chapter 65   
   
   
   That's easy.
    Hagrid shrugged, 
   
   I bet a third year could do it. 
   
   Third grade?
    Lockhart frowned. 
   Isn't it a little bad to let them touch the 3X dangerous level in the third grade? Then what are you going to teach them in the sixth and seventh grades?
   
   
   Of course it is to teach them how to hybridize large creatures. 
   Hagrid said as a matter of course, 
   There are so many people helping, of course we have to try a few more new varieties, for example, I have always wanted to try the crossbreeding of fire crabs and manticores...
   Lockhart doesn't know what to sayFor a person who keeps pets such as hellhounds and acromanders, which are considered dangerous in the 5X level, fire crabs may really be just toys.
   Wait for that first...
    He said with some headache, 
   Have you read the Ministry of Magic's exam syllabus? The part about magical creatures.
   
   Glanced a couple of times, but I think that thing is too boring...
    Hagrid complained, 
   Sniff, mink, swallowtail dog, you can leave it alone, to be honest, this kind of thing No need to learn, and I don't want my students to go through two classes without learning anything.
   
   I'm afraid you overestimated them.
    Lockhart hurriedly stopped, 
   Even for the NEWTs exam, the highest level of 4X creatures will be used. If you teach them the poison leopard...
   Hagrid was overjoyed:    Panthera? Good idea, but Scotland doesn't have it. I heard you're going to take people to Africa? I remember there were several in East Africa...
   
   Please, Hagrid. It's not worth it!
    Lockhart quickly stopped his dangerous thought, 
   You'd better use creatures with 2X or less for third graders, 3X for fourth and fifth graders, and 4X for sixth and seventh graders. With [-]X, you have to do it step by step.
   
   I'll do my best,
    Hagrid agreed nonchalantly. 
   Now let's talk about it. What are you going to do with the final exam?
   Looking at him like this, Lockhart knew that he didn't take his words to heart at all, but after the words got to this point, he couldn't continue to persuade him.After all, I am just a 
   kid
    under 30 years old, and Hagrid is more than twice his age, so I really have no position to teach him a lesson.
   My words are very simple. In the first grade, I spent a year teaching them how to escape. The final exam will naturally have to test this...so I hope you can catch a few tree monkeys and let them chase these little ghosts Run in the maze.As long as they can use the repelling spell and the cloud spell, and always pay attention to the monkey's footsteps, calmly plan their route, and avoid the monkey's siege, they can be safeArrive at the end... Don't forget to throw some 
   treasures
    in the maze, let the students searchCollection.If someone is caught by a monkey once, you can let them go and let them do it again.If you are caught three times, you will be given a failing grade. If you are not caught or only caught once, you can be given a good grade. If you are not caught and can collect all the treasures in the maze, we should give him an excellent grade—you see, It's that simple. 
   Hagrid understood:    Just let them use what they usually learn?
   
   Yes, that's what the so-called exam is all about.
   
   What about the second years?
    Hagrid asked again.
   The second grade will increase the difficulty appropriately. They already have a little foundation; the magic power is also greater; so I am going to invite a house elf from Hogwarts to catch them.
   
   House elves? But they all Apparate!
    Hagrid was a little surprised, 
   Students can't avoid it, right?
   
   As long as you react quickly, you can dodge it.
    Lockhart said without hesitation:    The apparition of the house elf will shoot sparks in the air, it's easy to judge, students just need to stop in time after seeing the sparks, use a Flying sand and rocks bounced it away, then ran desperately in the opposite direction, and escaped after avoiding its sight.You can go to the kitchen and ask. I remember that the house elf who agreed to cooperate with me in the exam is named Agatha. She will know how to behave. 
   
   What about the third grade?
   
   Go to the swamp by the lake, make some fake models of red hats, sink punks, and swamp diggers, mix them with real animals, and see if the students can tell the truth from the fake. Get them out.
   
   Four…
   Lockhart simply handed over his plan to him:    Take it, and see for yourself! The core of the fourth grade lies in the mastery of spells and the identification of black magic creatures. I am going to introduceThe secret room is arranged as a haunted house, and the students are asked to judge the type of the ghost according to the clues within the specified time, and then choose the appropriate props and spells to deal with them.For the sixth grade exam, I will ask Professor McGonagall to borrow a few giant statue chess pieces, and surround them at high speed from all directions-the students' magic power will definitely not be able to break them, so I can only use invisibility or apparition to escape the encirclement. 
   
   So this is step by step.
    Hagrid finally understood.
   Yeah, I can't just teach them the Dark Arts in first year,
    Lockhart said.Chapter 130 Eight Final ConfrontationAfter arranging the final exams, Lockhart's time at Hogwarts has entered the final countdown.Regarding this place that many students regarded as home, it would be a lie for Lockhart to say that he has no affection for it, not to mention that he has obtained almost everything he wanted here, except love.But unfortunately, his stage is not here.When everyone is a kid, they tend to like some superhero, or someone who spent billions of dollars to build themselves a steel suit or a high-tech batsuit, and think that's cool.But when they grow up, they will realize how nonsense it is.Because if they use this tens of thousands of family assets to influence politics, they can build a lot of factories, hire psychologists, improve the treatment of the police, or train congressmen who obey their orders, so that they can find jobs for many people, and the crime rate will drop. The magnitude is definitely much stronger than spending millions of dollars in technological equipment loss every day to combat one or two criminals.Similarly, it is useless to simply be a 
   hero
    if you want to fight against black magic, make a name for yourself, or even make a name for yourself in history.And Lockhart also firmly believes that all the unreasonable things that happen in this world are ultimately caused by political problems, and political means must be used to solve them, rather than expecting the appearance of a hunk from the sky.It's like California, where tens of thousands of robberies occur every year, so that there are not enough prisons. Even if all the superheroes become real, it can't save it. Even Captain America can only sigh.California has neither a solution to race nor a solution to 
   political justice
   In the end, there was no way to improve the economy, so in the end, the regulation that 
   robbery worth less than $950 is not considered robbery
    was hastily introduced to save police resources.Therefore, today’s magical reality of zero-dollar purchases everywhere, while police officers performing official duties are sent to court for prosecution is fundamentally due to the fact that various interest groups have too much influence on the state legislature. It is a political + economic issue. , rather than a simple security issue.Political issues like this should be resolved politically.It is a misallocation of social resources and very irresponsible to shift the responsibility that should be borne by politicians to heroes.From a certain point of view, if the world needs heroes instead of general mobilization to save, the world should be destroyed.Just when Lockhart was full of ambition and wanted to show off his talents, an article on 
   The Quibbler
    caught him off guard.
   Heroes Against the Dark Arts?Or the next demon king who conspired with the Death Eaters? 
   In line with the consistent style of 
   The Quibbler
   , this news can be said to be the ultimate in 
   surprise victory
    and 
   groundless association
   .This article exclusively discloses a shocking news, that is, Gilderoy Lockhart, a famous explorer, anti-dark arts fighter, best-selling author, and professor of defense against the dark arts at Hogwarts, Visited Azkaban Prison at the end of October last year.The object he visited in prison was not a poor person who had been wronged, or was imprisoned due to accident or carelessness, but a notorious Death Eater.According to insiders at the Ministry of Magic, Lockhart bribed Azkaban's guardian dementors with 
   a piece of soul
   , so that the dementors agreed to let him into prison.And after entering the prison, he went straight to the side where the Death Eaters were held, and came out after dawdling for more than two hours. As for who was visiting, until today weIt is unknown.Considering that after Lockhart came out of Azkaban, he suddenly announced in the newspaper that he had found clues to the secret room, and finally found the black magic item left by that person and Slytherin's secret room.We at The Quibbler have reason to think that Lockhart got some key information from the Death Eaters, and it's quite possible that he got more than one Dark Artifact from Hogwarts.As for how the follow-up events will develop, we don't know, but if our worst fears become true, then 
   Three Generations of Dark Lord
    Lockhart is likely to plan an escape from Azkaban, so that That man's men gathered under his banner...Seeing this, Lockhart put down the weekly magazine.To be honest, it was a little troublesome for him to be disclosed.First of all, the news in this article is actually true news, whether Lockhart went to visit the prison or found the secret room, it is true.Even the 
   dementors were bribed with a piece of soul
    and 
   more than one dark magic item was found from Hogwarts
    are true.As a person familiar with the plot, it is impossible for Lockhart not to go to the Room of Requirement.He got Ravenclaw's diadem from the Room of Requirement, and bribed with Voldemort's soul in the diadem as 
   food
   , so that the dementor opened the prison door for him.Then he tricked Bella and helped Dumbledore get Hufflepuff's Gold Cup 5, which can be said to be multiple in one fell swoop.When he was doing the above things, he didn't even tell Dumbledore, and he did it secretly by himself. In the spirit of pragmatism, Dumbledore didn't ask him how he persuaded the dementors.But now, these things are coming to light, and it is likely to have a very bad impact on Lockhart.When the news in the newspaper is true news, and the logical theory can be justifiedWhen talking about it, it will become very troublesome to get rid of this suspicion.More importantly, as someone who has read the original book, Lockhart knows that Sirius Black will escape from prison soon.He has always wondered, even if Sirius is an Animagus and can turn into a black dog, but how he opened the prison door, how he slipped out of the gate of Azkaban by bypassing many guards, and How to find the right direction and escape from the prison by swimming.To do all of this requires careful thinking and careful planning, and neither of these things can be done by the 
   reckless
    Sirius, let alone he has been knocked out of his mind by the dementors.Now it seems that he was able to escape from the prison because of another secret.Lockhart felt that he had vaguely touched something, but he had no proof.At this moment, there was a sudden knock on the door of his office, and the sound was very urgent.After opening the door, Lockhart found that it was Draco Malfoy who came.
   Lockhart...Professor.
    Malfoy seemed a bit out of breath. 
   My dad's owl came...he asked me to tell you...he didn't do it.
   Of course Lockhart understood what he was talking about.
   Tell your father for me, just say I know, I don't believe he did itChapter 130 IX Leaving the CastleThe Malfoy family is indeed a powerful political scumbag. As soon as the news came out, their family realized the possible bad consequences of this article.And Lockhart's loud assurance seemed to reassure Draco Malfoy:    Thank you very much, Professor, my father said he would definitely find out who did this.
   Lockhart put on a relaxed look:    Then thank your father for me, our big plan has just begun, and I really don't have much energy to pay attention to such small things.
   The reason why Lockhart said it was a trivial matter was because this news was posted on 
   The Quibbler
   , and almost no one would take it seriously. People who would take the news in this magazine seriously must have something wrong with their brains. It is impossible for the person in question to cause any substantial damage to Lockhart.In order to show his sincerity, Lockhart conjured up a pot of tiger skin chrysanthemum, which symbolizes cooperation, and asked Xiaolong to take it back to his father. I believe his father will understand what Lockhart meant.After sending Malfoy away, Lockhart thought carefully again.Since it wasn't Malfoy and the others who did it, and Fudge had just had a tacit peace with himself, it meant that someone from the Ministry of Magic should have made his own claim.Strange, when have I offended anyone?he is puzzledBut it just so happens that if he resigns now, he can be regarded as a famous teacher.So he wrote an announcement statement and published it on the 
   Daily Prophet
   , stating that he could not accept some people's groundless speculation and accusations, and decided to resign from Hogwarts' Defense Against the Dark Arts professor.Afterwards, he formally handed over his resignation letter to Dumbledore, expressing his willingness to leave within half a month.Because everyone had already discussed it, Dumbledore was not surprised, and he didn't seem to take the words of 
   The Quibbler
    seriously.This is the tragedy of 
   The Quibbler
    - in order to compete for the market, they published so many nonsense news that when they told the truth, others took it as a joke. I am afraid that before the savior published that news, 
    The Quibbler will serve as a Joker for a long time.But this also shows that the person who published this news has no formal channels, so they can only use 
   quibbler
   ?After completing the handover procedures, Lockhart followed the outline of his class in a spirit of professionalism, and finished the rest of the lecture in a week.Most of the students also learned about this from various channels. Although they were a little bit reluctant, because this was already confirmed news, they could only send their blessings regretfully.As for the things in his office, most of Lockhart didn't plan to take them away: firstly, there was no place to put them in the house in London, and secondly, to leave some things for the new Defense Against the Dark Arts teacher, so as to show that he was not Cheapskate.But the fine wine in his wine cellar and the smuggled flying carpet map, Lockhart has to keep them, because this kind of thing is not something that can be bought with moneyDuring the nine months at Hogwarts, he had accomplished all the goals he had planned: to survive, improve his strength, and obtain the initial political resources through Hogwarts.Although there were some small episodes in the middle, it was still very successful overall.In the future, as long as the Duelist Club and the Student Union continue to operate, his faction will continue to grow, and one day he will be able to reap fruitful results.Reality.As for Fudge, let him be happy for a while.— A week later, the dull reaction of the wizarding world also confirmed Lockhart's idea, that is, no one in the wizarding world cared about    The Quibbler
    at all, and the guy who put his own plot behind it failed at all.On the last weekend before leaving, Lockhart convened the last club event, and in front of everyone, gave Percy the auditorium authority symbolizing the Dueling Club.
   After I leave, I'll leave it to you here. After that, Mr. Diggory should also be able to take on this responsibility, and then Miss Granger...
   Although this student union should be 
   democratic
   , Lockhart, like Zhuge Liang, opened his mouth and decided on both 
   Jiang Wan
    and 
   Fei Yi
    as successors.And he's obviously not just talking about the dueling club, but the power of the student council presidentPercy knew that the source of his authority basically relied on Lockhart, so he should not violate Lockhart's 
   last wish
   . The only thing that worried him was whether Slytherin would 
   make trouble
    after Lockhart left. 
   , stealing the highest power of the student union.In this regard, Lockhart advised him to relax.
   As long as Dumbledore is alive, there's no way they'll be in charge,
    he said.Percy was right when he thought about it, and he was relieved.
   I'll take a step first, and after another year, we'll all be in the Ministry of Magic.
    Lockhart patted him on the shoulder and said.Unlike others who were still worried about the power operation in the 
   post-Lockhart era
   , among the last students left in the club, only Hermione was really sad about Lockhart's departure.
   Can't you change your teaching job?
    she begged. 
   Actually, we can completely bypass that curse. For example, we only need to add another one.
   Self-defense' or 
   Duel
    courses will be taught by you, and the original Defense Against the Dark Arts class will be replaced by a new professor every six months.
   
   I don't think the curse left by that person will play this kind of word game. If it is so easy to get around, Dumbledore will not be helpless against it.
    Lockhart shrugged:    Okay, don't I'm crying, silly girl. It's not life and death, if there are no accidents, we will have time to see each other in the future.
   Hermione was not the only one who felt sad about Lockhart's departure. The students of Hogwarts gathered spontaneously and held a small farewell party for Lockhart.Even though Fred and George stole food from the kitchen at this farewell party, Lockhart enjoyed it.Even if these students may not all stand on the same front as me in the future, the friendship between teachers and students that once lived together is not fake.The more rational people are, the more they know the value of this kind of true feelings.
   You will make it difficult for me to do this.
    He said with a half-true smile, 
   Professor Kettleborn has been teaching longer, and you should send at least two people to greet him.
   
   We will! Professor, another drink?
    Fred passed a glass of pumpkin juice.After the farewell party was ended lively, Lockhart walked out of the castle with his suitcase, saying goodbye to the castle that he had 
   worked with
    for more than nine months.Not to mention, this castle really feels like home after living in it for a long time. No wonder Harry Potter and Voldemort regard it as their home.
   
   
Chapter 66   
   
   The professors at Hogwarts also bid farewell to him politely. After all, as a colleague, Lockhart belongs to the type that is very easy to get along with.Chapter 140 DomesticationAfter staying in Hogsmeade for one night, Lockhart disapparated the next day and returned to his residence in London.Although Dobby does not have the stupid loyalty of other house-elves because of his freedom, he still does a good job. At least his house can be said to be cleaned spotlessly, and it is completely impossible to see that no one has lived there for more than half a year. look.For this reason, Lockhart generously rewarded Dobby with ten Galleons, and encouraged him to do a good job amidst his ecstatic voice of gratitude.Then he went back to his study room, closed the curtains, and began to check what he had gained for a while.The biggest harvest is naturally the Ravenclaw's golden crown. As a member of Ravenclaw, he deserves it.Thanks to Voldemort's negligence, no protective magic was applied to this Horcrux at the beginning. Perhaps he felt that his soul was so wise, and with the addition of the wisdom of the Golden Crown, he would definitely be able to solve the problem by himself.It has to be said that this piece of soul bewitched Lockhart much more powerfully than the diary, and he recognized the situation almost instantly, and even the words 
   I am willing to be your loyal servant and help you reach the pinnacle of power
    All kinds of words have been spoken.Lockhart then cast a Daydreaming Charm on the diadem, shutting the mouth of the soul and causing the dementor to suck it out.The leader of the dementors happily accepted the gift, and said that after Lockhart cast a spell, the piece of soul seemed to become more delicious.Without Voldemort's soul, the Ravenclaw Arcana belonged to Lockhart intact.He wanted to give this Horcrux to Dumbledore right away, but he suddenly remembered, he couldn't explain how he knew about it, so he had to let it go.Forget it, wait for another two years, and he will be fine after two years. Just say that he discovered it by accident while performing official duties.Besides, he also wanted to try the effect of this golden crown.Compared with being destroyed by fire in the original book, this crown with a long history and great value deserves a better courtesy. Just because wearing it can increase people's wisdom, Lockhart also feels that it should not be easily destroyed.However, the matter of testing the golden crown had to be put aside first, and he had to deal with the second 
   big harvest
    of his trip as soon as possible.And this 
   big catch
    is Rita Skeeter.Since locking her in a candy box, Lockhart drilled a few small holes in the box for her to breathe, at most he threw a little candy, boiled potatoes, etc. into it every now and then to ensure that she wouldn't starve to death. That's fine.He didn't rush to negotiate with her right away, but wanted to lock her up for a month first, in order to calm her down.Lockhart has studied a little psychology, knows Pavlov's dog training experiments, and knows that humans, like dogs, can be 
   domesticated
   .Even the seemingly most irrational 
   love
    is the same, lovers can also be domesticated.As long as you use her psychology of wanting to 
   get
    and give him/her some positive feedback when he/she does something in line with your wishes, then after a long time, your lover will be domesticated by you to become what you want The way you want to be—instead of yelling, giving negative feedback in a quarrelsome way, pushing him/her further and further away.Don't forget about the Stockholm effect - the reason why it exists is that the victim instinctively feels that being raped is a 
   shameful
    and 
   disgraceful
    thing, so it is difficult to face the reality.At this time, as long as the perpetrator gives a little positive feedback and treats him/her better, he/she will deceive himself and say 
   it's because of love
   , and love is of course noble, romantic, and irrational behavior, so after deceiving themselves like this, they will feel better.Of course, others will find it difficult to understand this kind of psychology, and when they kindly try to persuade him/her to get rid of this relationship, he/she will also fly into a rage and scold the person who persuaded him/her, because those kind-hearted people broke the relationship. their deluded dreams of self-deception.Thinking about those patients with Notre Dame in Northern Europe, is it possible to understand their behavior?Therefore, the so-called Stockholm effect is not something incomprehensible, it is nothing more than a group of psychologically fragile guys deceiving themselves.
   Taming
    Rita Skeeter is of great significance to Lockhart, because as a politician, as long as he wants to be in power, he must have his own media, his own voice channel, and his own queen reporter.Moreover, this queen reporter cannot be a simple interest relationship, the politician must have the ability to 
   control
    him/her.Those who have watched 
   House of Cards
    should know how much those qualified politicians value the media. They use public opinion to attack their political opponents. Just how nasty.Relatively speaking, the Ministry of Magic's attack on Lockhart was simply innocuous, and Fudge easily gave up his advantage, just because he saw that Lockhart was showing weakness and surrendering to him.If it were the politicians that Lockhart had met in his previous life, when they saw the enemy wavering, they would definitely rush up and beat the dog in the water.After sending Dobby out to do some shopping, Lockhart closed the curtains and took the candy box to the basement of the house.After entering the basement, Lockhart locked the door behind his back, lit a candle, and thenFinally, the green beetle was released from the candy box.After being released, the big beetle couldn't wait to transform into a woman wearing red-rimmed glasses, a bright green coat, and golden curly hair
   Good morning, Miss Skeeter, it's a lovely day, isn't it?Rita Skeeter was half kneeling on the ground at this time, after hearing what Lockhart said, she couldn't help raising her head.The dark, narrow basement resembles the closed environment in a candy box, and the flickering candlelight as a light source is almost the same as the small hole drilled on the box, which immediately made her feel as if she was still locked up. In the candy box, it still hasn't been released.
   Good morning? Is it morning? Where is this place? You bastard! This is illegal detention and I'm going to sue you!
   Rita Skeeter, who was released, immediately roared. The nearly one-month life was not a good memory for her, and it was a sign of her strong willpower that she didn't go crazy.
   A charge? Come on, I just stumbled across a fun beetle on the windowsill and grabbed it. If that counts as a crime, I think everyone should be held accountable for the ants they've accidentally trampled and Flying insects swallowed in sleep have been punished by thousands of knives.
   Lockhart was not ambiguous either, and easily covered up Skeeter's accusation with one sentence.He was also warning her by saying this, telling her what method he would use to get rid of the crime if she wanted to die, and this statement was reasonable-he just caught a beetle for fun.Lockhart's understatement made Rita Skeeter feel discouraged for a while, becauseBecause she knew what Lockhart said was right, she had no way to accuse him, and she would definitely be arrested for illegally registering Animagus.I'm not kidding, casually casting Transfiguration, especially casting Transfiguration on the human body, in the eyes of the Ministry of Magic, its seriousness is far more serious than violating the 
   Secrecy Act
    or cultivating dangerous creatures, second only to using unforgivable The curse kills directly.For all transfigurations are impermanent unless they are permanent transfigurations imposed by persons of profound magic in obedience to the laws of transmutation of matter.Suppose a wizard turns wood into a glass of water, and someone inadvertently drinks the water.And after the magic disappears, the person who drank the wood will definitely die suddenly on the spot, because every fiber of the wood will penetrate into his body cells, and he will die miserably.Unless it is an Advanced Transfiguration class or Aurors use Transfiguration to fight, under normal circumstances the Ministry of Magic only allows wizards to use Transfiguration to transform on a solid level, and it is strictly forbidden to turn inedible objects into food. Toxic substances or indigestible substances turn into gases or liquids to prevent people from inhaling, drinking by mistake, or inhaling when the deformed liquid evaporates.Once this kind of accident happens, even a wizard with profound magic power may not be able to escape death if he is caught off guard.If dead objects are so difficult to change, it is even more difficult to change people, because they must figure out all the corresponding parts from beginning to end before and after the change, so as to prevent accidental loss during deformation.Generally speaking, if it is not a wizard of the level of Professor McGonagall, it is a gamble to perform body transformation without permission. As long as a part of the body cannot be transformed back, that person will be completely finished.Don't look at Harry's father, McGonagall and Rita Skeeter have also succeeded, but think about it, there are only 7 legal Animagus in the past century, and the free-form Druid is even more. With none left, you know how hard it can be.You can't just remember these successful people. Master Rowling didn't write about how many people died due to failure in transformation.That's why Professor McGonagall warned the little wizards severely in the first Transfiguration class that Harry attended, saying that 
   Transfiguration is the most dangerous subject.
    Professor McGonagall was not scaring these children , she has always said one thing.Like Rita Skeeter, who conducts body transformation without supervision and without registration, once she is caught by the Ministry of Magic, the punishment she will receive will far exceed the 
   Secrecy Act
   . How much less punishment would it receive than using the Cruciatus Curse.
   What do you want?
    she asked hoarsely.P.So there are more words in the original, but a large part of the middle has been deleted... Let’s just read Chapter 140 Obedience is the first step of domesticationBy now, Rita Skeeter has figured it out. Since Lockhart didn't send her to the Ministry of Magic immediately, it must be because she still has value to be used. She is safe until she loses her value. .Even if she couldn't figure out this truth for a while, after thinking about it for more than a month, she should have figured it out.
   Tell me, what exactly do you want? Want me to write two articles praising Dumbledore? Or to make you enter the Ministry of Magic?
   Rita Skeeter wanted to question Lockhart in a menacing way, but after she said it, she realized that her tone was too weak, as if she was begging him.There is no way, such things as human willpower have always been a false proposition. Unless one can have extremely fanatical beliefs, no matter how strong willpower is, it will not be able to withstand confinement in a small black house and starvation.
   Those are not important. I don't need you if I want to build momentum or sing praises, unless my brain is broken.
   In the candlelight, Lockhart's expression looked a little strange and unpredictable:    Instead, I want you to attack me harder in the newspapers, using as many ugly words as you can. If you lack material, I can even Offer you some.
   
   What?
    Rita Skeeter thought she had heard wrong.Lockhart sighed and used Snape's favorite sarcasm:    It seems that you have been a beetle for so long that even the volume of your brain needs to be measured in microliters? Don't you I don’t even know how to do my old job anymore. It seems that it’s better for me to change to someone else.”
   No...I mean what the hell are you thinking about.
   Rita Skeeter was a little alarmed, because it was the first time she had heard of such a strange request.But Lockhart lowered his face:    You don't need to know my purpose, Miss Skeeter, what you should think about is your choice.
   
   choose?
   
   Yes, or no,
    Lockhart pressed her.
   Ha! Choice?
    Rita Skeeter yelled exaggeratedly, her voice was very harsh in the basement, 
   What choice do I have? Other than being blackmailed by you and having to follow orders for the rest of my life, What other options do I have?Not only was she shouting hoarsely, but she also looked a little hysterical. It was obvious that she had been thinking about her situation during this month, and she had come to many bad conclusions.However, Lockhart did not intend to make her 
   pure-minded
   , because that would not be worthwhile.If Hermione did what Hermione did in the original book, Rita Skeeter would not be able to get enough exciting news because Hermione ordered her to prohibit rumors and incitement, and would end up in poverty. There got a big business there - writing a biography of Dumbledore.That 
   Dumbledore's Life and Lies
    can be said to have played Rita Skeeter's housekeeping skills. In addition to confusing the public and turning things upside down, it also made many 
   facts
    from multiple perspectives. , In-depth alternative interpretation.For example, Dumbledore plagiarized other people's academic achievements, such as Dumbledore's tragic and rebellious childhood, such as Dumbledore's fascination with black magic, and his love and killing with Grindelwald...What's even more frightening is that many of the facts are actually true, and it's obviously not news that a small reporter of Rita Skeeter's level can get.Apparently, Voldemort and the Death Eaters got these from various sources and aggregated them to Rita Skeeter.If this book is made the 
   official version
   , Dumbledore's posthumous reputation will be wiped out, which is what Voldemort wants to see.Although Lockhart tried his best to prevent this book from being published in the future, he did not lower his opinion of Rita Skeeter because of this, and he also slightly criticized the approach in Hermione's original book, because he did not I don't think Hermione can solve the problem by blackmailing Rita Skeeter into something like this.Just like cats eat fish, dogs eat meat, and Ultraman fights little monsters, unscrupulous reporters want to fabricate news because of their professional needs, or the market's needs for their careers.Politicians want to discredit political opponents, so unscrupulous journalists are needed to spread rumors and incite.And the public wants to watch celebrity gossip, or see the collapse of some high-ranking celebrities, so they also need reporters who specialize in this industry.After all, this kind of reporter is just a mouthpiece for market demand.You can attack them for their personal morality, but as a profession, 
   self-cursors
    who specialize in this line of work are the product of market demand just like 
   prostitutes
   If you want to eliminate this kind of evil, you cannot simply expect social and moral progress, but eliminate this market environment.It's like after the webcast platform came out, many 
   ladies
    changed their careers to do live broadcastingBecause they earn a lot of money, the price of doing it has also risen accordingly. The old drivers will even call the police angrily because they can't find a girl whose appearance is above the passing line in the clubhouse, or a girl of the same level asks for too high a price.This is certainly a nonsense thing, but on the bright side, at least the webcast is flat.The appearance of the stage, as well as the more and more realistic silicone dolls have reduced the cost of many clubs.Buying and selling, this is at least a little bit of progress in terms of social good customs, and this is called 
   eliminating the environment and soil of bad customs
   Similarly, if you want to get rid of reporters like Rita Skeeter, you can't expect them to 
   discover their conscience
   , or to prevent the general public from yearning for celebrities to gossip and politicians to attack their political opponents.You have to let everyone have the opportunity to show their skills and become a star, so that everyone will know that all stars are ordinary people, so they will stop caring about celebrity gossip; you have to let politicians get promoted by relying on their achievements instead of showing off, so they won't think hard To tear the pants of political opponents.But before he can change the rules, Lockhart must first ensure that he can take the lead.
   Do you need me to be clearer? I want you to continue to attack me in the newspapers, and you must use all means. No matter how many people scold you, you can't stop. If the attack is not strong enough, I want you to attack me.
    Trouble with you.
    Lockhart continuedSeeing Rita Skeeter's disbelieving eyes, Lockhart slowly bent down and pinched her chin.Live by yourself, if someone contacts you because of your attack on me, remember to inform me, if they want to give you 
   hard work fee
   , you can accept it, and I will give you another one...Little boy, so Good thing, you won't refuse, will you?
   Because she was so shocked, Rita Skeeter even forgot to resist for a while.
   But…why?
    she asked.
   I don't think I need to explain to you what I'm going to do, stupid woman.
    Lockhart pushed her back roughly, 
   You just need to remember that from now on you will honestly do what I tell you to do , do more, ask less.
   Rita Skeeter was pushed to the ground by him, feeling dizzy again.Because she can only eat candy and biscuits for a month, her current physical condition is not very good, her mind is completely messed up, and because she has beenIn the fear of being blackmailed, there is no time to think.
   I, I will do it! As you wish, okay? This is what you asked for.
    She finally gave in.Seeing her subdued, Lockhart smiled with satisfaction.
   Very good! It seems that you finally understand your situation. This is a good start, right? From today on, you have to report to me once a week at work. If you dare not come, you will be in trouble for the rest of your life.
    don't use it anymore, do you know what I mean?■Although unwilling, Rita can only admit defeat.
   Yes.
    Her voice was undetectable.Seeing that Rita had already expressed her obedience, Lockhart knew that he should give her some sweetness at this time, so that she would have a reason to deceive him.
   Don't make such an expression on me. If you are smart enough, you should know my political ambitions. You are on a bright road. When you are too old to walk, lie in bed and think about it. When you think about today, you thank yourself for today,
    Lockhart said.Chapter 140 Second, Someone Who Hopes FrustratedAfter confirming that Rita Skeeter was indeed honest, Lockhart released her out of the basement.In the dining room, Lockhart had a good lunch.Although he was a little surprised that a guest appeared at home at some time, Dobby didn't ask any more questions, and directly made food for two people.
   
   
Chapter 67   
   
   Not only was the meal full of meat, peas, and vegetables, but Lockhart was kind enough to bring out a good bottle of wine to reinforce Rita Skeeter's notion of 
   reward
   However, Rita Skeeter was obviously very hungry. During the month of turning into a beetle, although she consumed a lot less, she also ate a lot less.She didn't have time to taste the deliciousness of the food served by Lockhart, and she didn't care about her own image, she just ate without thinking, which was very different from her previous attitude of putting on airs in everything she did.In other words, she has broken the pot.In front of true psychological masters, if they just want to make others obey themselves, they actually don't need the Imperius Curse at all.The Death Eaters who rely on the Imperius Curse to do their work have already fallen into the lower ranks.Just like the general concept of DND mages, it is the true ability of mages to solve problems without using spell slots.When you have to use spells, the mage has already lost.After the food on the plate was wiped out like a storm, Rita Skeeter let out a sigh of relief, and her IQ flowed back to her brain along with the nutrients in the food.After hitting a stick, of course he had to give her another sweet date, so Lockhart gave her another 100 Galleons, and told her to report to him every week who contacted her.He kicked Rita Skeeter out the door.He is not afraid that Rita Skeeter will change her mind, because she has no reason to change her mind whether it is from the perspective of psychological hints, handles or interests.It is believed that as long as her anti-lion media banner is still alive, Lockhart and Dumbledore's political enemies will use her to handle affairs, and Lockhart can use her to grasp all the movements of the opposition.Just as he cross-examined a little, Rita Skeeter betrayed Umbridge behind her back.At first, Lockhart wondered why even Fudge had made peace with him, and someone still wanted to screw him, but when he heard that it was Umbridge who wanted to screw him, Lockhart understood everything.This woman is greedy for power, superstitious about authority, ruthless, and even disregards IQ and family affection in pursuit of power.And judging from the fact that she instructs the dementors to attack Harry Potter in the original book, her obsession with power has reached the point of insanityLockhart would not be surprised if she realized her threat and acted aggressively.What puzzled him was how Umbridge made the dementors obey.Because dementors and the Ministry of Magic are theoretically only a cooperative relationship, they are not obedient, and they will not sell news that is not good for them just because of simple coercion, especially the 
   delicious
    that they have eaten.Although the Ministry of Magic allows them to suck the happiness of prisoners, it strictly guards against them sucking human souls, lest they get worse after tasting the sweetness, so Lockhart thought that he used a piece of Voldemort's soul to bribe the dementors. will be exposedBut it now appears that Umbridge has more control over the dementors than he imagined.Deeper, and the method she used to command the dementors was by no means simply threatening with the Patronus Charm.This is interesting.Regardless of whether he will be exposed in the future, Lockhart does not intend to 
   sell out
    Dumbledore before Voldemort returns, he will kill Azkaban who only went to Azkaban by himself.This will certainly put him under more pressure, but when the victory comes, he can also get more benefits from it, so this risk can still be taken.After figuring it out, Lockhart immediately started writing the letter.Now that he has figured out that it is only Umbridge's personal behavior to mess with himself, he might as well take this opportunity to sell favors to Fudge and leave this matter to him, while he frees up his hands and takes Deng The benefits promised by Bullido will be discussed first after getting the hands.Soon, Fudge received the letter from Lockhart's owl.He read the content and was furious.He immediately called Umbridge over, scolded her, and ordered her to stop.It wasn't that he was annoyed that Umbridge had taken on Lockhart, but that she had dared to take matters into her own hands and disrupt Fudge's own arrangements.
   But, Minister...I'm helping you,
    Umbridge argued.
   You're sending me to the fireplace.
    Fudge answered bluntly, 
   Politics is not like that, Dolores, the purpose of the fight is to better compromise, not to drive people to death .”II 
   ■■■
   Nothing to do
    but' Bai Shao, this is how the game is played, whoever breaks the rules first must rebuild a set of order, otherwise no one will go with you. 
   Maybe it was because he found himself talking too much, and Fudge felt that he shouldn't be too much to his 
   loyal
    subordinates, so he started to take back the words.
   ...That's it, either don't do it, or don't be discovered if you do it. If you are discovered, there must be a remedy. If there is none of these, then the destroyed person will definitely not be our opponent, but our opponent.
    .”Although Fudge really lacks courage, he has always handled politically well, and this is also the best part he has done in the past ten years as a minister.From this perspective, after the 
   Goblet of Fire
    plot, Dumbledore and Fudge's parting ways cannot be said to be all Fudge's fault.Because from the perspective of the Minister of Magic, Dumbledore was trying to re-establish a new order, and his purpose was to end his own rule. It was Dumbledore who broke the 
   rules
    first.Even if Voldemort really came back, Dumbledore should not have announced that Voldemort had returned just after the Triwizard Tournament was over and guests from home and abroad gathered together, because it would be easy to be misunderstood.According to the rules, Dumbledore should first cover up this matter, then secretly come to Fudge to discuss it, and then use Fudge to convene a group of highly respected 
   elites
    to make a collective decision, and finally declare martial law through the Ministry of Magic, instead of making his own decision .Outsiders may not be able to understand Fudge's thinking, but Lockhart is very able to understand this politician's thinking.If Lockhart were Dumbledore, he would have stabilized the Diggory family immediately, and then notified the Ministry of Magic's senior management, making a clear statement, saying, 
   Now the wizarding world is in a critical moment, and I call on everyone to join hands Come, unite closely under the central banner of the Ministry of Magic represented by Fudge, and overcome the difficulties together.
   Only by being the first to show that he has no intention of seizing power can Dumbledore win Fudge's support, instead of surrounding him with a group of Lions at the awards ceremony of the Triwizard Tournament, forcing Fudge to make an immediate decision in front of everyone. decide, it's easy to letPeople thought that Dumbledore was pushing for power.Therefore, although no one will deny that Dumbledore is a great wizard, Lockhart still believes that Dumbledore does not understand what power struggles are, and he lacks this sensitivity to power.And what Lockhart is doing now is in line with Fudge's philosophy: fighting without breaking is the correct form of political struggle, rather than pretending to turn the table at every turn.   Tell you, Dolores. Lucius has already told me about Lockhart's entry into Azkaban.
    Fudge confessed to Umbridge.Umbridge's eyes widened in such a way that Fudge thought her eyes were going to pop out of their sockets.
   Already?
    Umbridge repeated.
   Yes, I said it. It's just that their pure-blood family is going to take advantage of it.
   
   Idle funds' are used for investment, so I found a way to get the gold out of those people's hands. Anyway, idle is idle, and it will only be cheaper for those goblins if they keep piling up in the vault.
   
   Why hasn't anyone told me about this before?
    Umbridge's disappointment asked.The emotion is beyond words.Fudge answered her angrily:    If it were you, would you talk about how to make a lot of money?
   Chapter 140 Three Job ArrangementFudge scolded Umbridge, and then called the spokesperson of the Ministry of Magic's Public Information Office and asked them to issue a statement, saying, 
   The Ministry of Magic is planning to conduct a large-scale review of newspapers and media recently. Take care of the unscrupulous rumor-mongering by the irresponsible media
   , which can be regarded as an explanation to the people of Dumbledore's faction.Of course Lockhart knew what Fudge meant, so he followed suit and took the opportunity of holding a new book signing in Diagon Alley, surrounded by reporters, to announce his entry into the Ministry of Magic in a high-profile manner.When he was in school, he had already finished writing his new book 
   Dancing with the Basilisk in the Chamber of Secrets
   , and Whiz-Hard Company also confirmed the publication and publicity with amazing efficiency, and planned to use the Quidditch World Cup During the window period before the qualifiers, new books were put on the market.Although the sales volume of the new book is not yet known, according to Ms. Logan, the editor-in-chief, judging from the pre-order situation alone, the sales volume must be 
   unprecedented
   .In addition to the number of pre-sales, even publishing houses in Germany, France, the United States, Italy, Greece, and Spain have purchased the translation rights and copyrights of this book, and started simultaneous promotion, which also gave Huiz Harder Company with great confidence.It seems that everyone wants to know about the Hogwarts Chamber of Secrets.The circle of the wizarding world is really not very big, and any dragon that raises a nest of eggs can become news for half a week, not to mention Hogwarts, which used to be T0P7 and is now the head of TP0 (the British call it themselves). Every move, no matter how small, cannot but become news.However, at the new book signing event, Lockhart showed rare humility, did not overemphasize his 
   credit
    and 
   achievements
   , but focused on looking forward to his future.
   Since that person left, the wizarding world has ushered in the most prosperous decade ever, and this is inseparable from the joint efforts of the Ministry of Magic.
   
   On the road to eradicating black magic, what one person can do is limited. Only the power of an organization can kill black magic in its infancy.
   
   This is a new topic for me, because my enemy is no longer concrete, but an abstract force.
   
   I sincerely hope that the basilisk in the Chamber of Secrets is the last dark magic creature I'll ever deal with.
   His rhetoric was quite satisfactory on the whole. Apart from flattering the Ministry of Magic, he completely avoided talking about his position in the Ministry of Magic, expressing that he would obey the assignment.Many people, especially the fans who came to the scene to ask for autographs felt sorry for Lockhart, and there were even many people who thought that Lockhart's appointment was a great loss for the magic world.None of them could figure out why Lockhart had retired at the peak of his career and turned to politics, which was not a glorious job in the eyes of wizards.In this regard, Lockhart can only think that these wizards are still too ignorantBest-selling authors, social activists, and lawyers, it is very normal for people in these professions to turn to politics in the Muggle world, especially those who go through the parliamentary and party systems.For example, Czech President Vaclav Havel was a playwright before he became prime minister. The current British Prime Minister Boris Johnson is actually a writer. If you count the time when the United States was founded, there are not a few presidents who have written books. .As for lawyers, there are more. For example, South Korean President Moon Jae-in, British Prime Minister Lloyd, and more than half of the presidents of the United States are actually lawyers. These countries under the Western system can be said to be genuine 
   rule the country with lawsuits.
   So, when Rowling finished the seven parts of Harry Potter and said HermioneWhen coming and going to 
   become a lawyer
   , many Chinese expressed regret for this, thinking that such a smart person should play a greater role instead of spending the rest of his life in legal provisions and litigation.Later, when they learned that Hermione became the Minister of Magic, some people would feel incredible because of this, and asked, 
   Didn't you become a lawyer?
   This is the misunderstanding caused by differences in civilization, customs, and systems. If ordinary people in Western society want to get ahead, it is natural to switch from a lawyer to a politician. It is relatively normal for people from the industrial system to rule the country Weird existence.This is the reason why Lockhart chose to join Dumbledore. In addition to such illusory things as values ​​and political ideals, the more important thing is that as a best-selling author, Lockhart's foundation lies in 
   common people
    rather than 
   Superstructure
   , so it is easier to rise to the line of the lion faction.Conversely, if he is a 
   pure blood
    wizard and his family has many contacts in the magic world, even if he appreciates Dumbledore's political ideals, he will not hesitate to choose the Snake faction to join him.This is politics, where positions and interests always take precedence over ideas and feelings.It is unknown how far Lockhart will go in the future, but at least for now, even the Ministry of Magic dare not wear shoes for him, because it will cause a large number of wizards and civilians to protest.Even if it was Lockhart's own wishes.In the office, Fudge went up against the police.
   What? Amnestics? What are you kidding?
   Cuthbert Mockridge, who is in charge of the Personnel and Goblin Liaison Office, shrugged:    This is Lockhart's own wishes. He said that he has a very good relationship with Peasegood, and that Peasegood will soon To be promoted, he will be promoted faster if he fills in...
   Absolutely not!
    Fudge refused without thinking, 
   What would the outside world think of the Ministry of Magic if it were known that we had assigned this 'hero' the job of an amnestic? 
   Because of the existence of the 
   Wizard Secrecy Act
   , amnestics can be said to be low-level employees of the Department of Magical Law Enforcement, and their status is far inferior to that of Aurors, Strikers, and members of the Law Enforcement Team.The work they do is tiring and complicated, and they are on the go all year round, and their salary is not very high.If the Ministry of Magic arranged for Lockhart to do this job, the newspapers would definitely not speak well of Fudge, and it would be the mildest to ridicule him for his small belly.
   I really don't understand that the Auror office is the most suitable position for him.
    Fudge complained, 
   I can elevate him and let him attend some pro-people activities from time to time to show the public the Ministry of Magic's efforts to maintain peace and tranquility.
    Determination. It is safe, the salary is high, and you can often show off...
   Mockridge also sighed:    Perhaps this is exactly what he wants to avoid. He wants real power, even if it is just the real power of the memory cancellation office, it is better than being made a puppet.
   
   Yeah, that old lion Scrimgeour...he won't tolerate any indiscipline in his subordinates.
    Fudge nodded repeatedly.
   In that case, how about putting him in my goblin liaison office?
    Mockridge had an idea, and the relationship between Wuye and Gringotts was said to be pretty good.
   No.
    Fudge said angrily, 
   I remember that you and the goblin have negotiated many times, but there seems to be no results, right?
   Mockridge was a little embarrassed:    That's because...
   
   So, you want to see him come into your office and quickly fix everything to shame you?
    Fudge asked rhetorically.Now Mockridge was silent again.I heard that Ragnor of Gringotts hardly invited any humans to the promotion banquet, only Lockhart and his brother-in-law were invited. This relationship is obviously much better than the relationship between himself and Gonuk.For the sake of his position, he really couldn't lure wolves into his house, and Fudge would not allow his trusted position to be taken away by outsiders.In the end, it was Fudge himself who made the decision.
   Let's promise Barty Crouch and let him join the Department of International Magical Cooperation! Let Crouch worry about this problem,
    he said.
   Wonderful! This way he won't have access to specific domestic affairs.
    Mockridge praised, 
   It's just that Crouch is too old-fashioned, and I'm afraid he won't get along well with that peacock man.
   Immediately, he saw the meaning from Fuji's blooming smiling face—this is what I want!Chapter 140 Four Flexible PeopleIn mid-June, when Lockhart returned to London after finishing his new book promotion tour in several wizarding settlements such as Diagon Alley, Godric's Hollow, Foley Village, and Hogsmeade, he was very pleased to learn that Two new news:The first one is the exams at Hogwarts—although almost every year’s Defense Against the Dark Arts final exams have some small problems, but in the two exams of W.Ls and NEWTs, Hogwarts of students maintain a very high pass rate.For example, in the fifth grade, the pass rate of this course is 100%, and the excellent rate has reached nearly one-third of the students.In the seventh grade NEWTs, the pass rate is also 100%, and only one person did not get it.It seems that whether it is a wizard or a Muggle, as long as the review is systematic and sufficient, getting good grades becomes a matter of course, and it is not in vain that Lockhart copied his own experience of being admitted to Oxford University.The only fly in the ointment is that because too many people passed this year, Ms. Geselda Marchban said that next year's exam will be more difficult, which is bad news for this year's seventh graders.In addition, the sixth graders who took Lockhart courses last year will also be promoted to seventh grade this year.It is conceivable that no matter who is the professor of Defense Against the Dark Arts this year, he is probably going to be very busyBut no matter what: Lockhart can take this glorious teaching resume to take office, and it is the kind that is full of confidence.The second thing is that the Department of Personnel and Administration of the Ministry of Magic sent a notification letter, saying that after    
   passing a strict review
   , he has been allowed to enter the Ministry of Magic and asked him to go to the Ministry of Magic before July 7st. , reporting to Director Barty Crouch of the Department of International Magical Cooperation.Outside the dagger, 
   recite knowledge and letter l~i do not note the sun and the moon-TlW: Fugan I3's arrival is generous; husband    also enters the wellFrom the red phone booth next to the Prime Minister's office, dial 62442 to enter the basement five of the Ministry of Magic, and register your wand.However, he has entered the Ministry of Magic countless times in the last year, and he has become very familiar with the employees there, so this is somewhat redundant. into the office fireplaceMoreover, according to the regulations of the Ministry of Magic, only high-ranking officials such as the Minister of Magic, the Deputy Minister, and the Director, or Aurors in emergency situations, can enter the Ministry of Magic through apparation.
   
   
Chapter 68   
   
   Maybe this is someone trying to remind Lockhart that no matter how famous he is outside, as long as he enters the system, he still has to start as an ordinary employee.But what he never expected was that the position assigned to him by the Ministry of Magic was actually in the Department of International Magical Cooperation. He thought that Fudge would be happy to send him to the position of amnesticist or Auror.It's a pity, if he enters the Law Enforcement Department, it will definitely be faster for him to get involved in the decision-making layer—he already has laws that he doesn't like and wants to change.But there is no way, as a member of the system, he must obey the assignment.Even if he was unfair and wanted to fight back, he had to fight back according to the rules of the system.Well, the International Department is the International Department. It just so happens that Dumbledore has just recommended himself into the International Federation of Wizards. This status will be very helpful for his political career.Almost everyone believed that Gilderoy Lockhart, who had always been flamboyant and high-profile, would definitely clash with his staid boss, Barty Crouch, on his first day in the Ministry of Magic.Because one of the two people is like a bold and fiery pomegranate flower, while the other is like a regular petaled flower whose petals seem to have been precisely measured.
   I'll bet you 10 Galleons.
    Legal Enforcement Team Captain Ogden said to Arthur Weasley with a gloating expression, 
   Today there will definitely be an explosion at the Department of International Magical Cooperation.
   
   Come on, Bob.
    Arthur Weasley weakly excused Lockhart, 
   He should be a generalist.
   Although Arthur Weasley had met Lockhart once, he was busy talking to the Muggle parents at the time, so he didn't have a deep impression of Lockhart, so he didn't have much confidence when he said this.
   I said, absolutely will!
    Bob Ogden insisted, 
   My uncle met him a few years ago, because he said in the book many times that he likes to drink the old Ogden spirits produced by our family. Well, we tried to get him to speak, but my uncle walked away after talking to him for half an hour - he said he couldn't stand that guy at all. I guess since even a man as refined as he can't stand Loja Special, Crouch must be more unbearable.
   
   Uh, let's just watch.
    Arthur Weasley was also shaken.Although Lockhart is extremely popular among witches, it also brought him a side effect-that is, he also became a 
   male enemy
   No one likes to get along with their girlfriends and wives when they babble about how handsome Gilderoy Lockhart is, how gentlemanly he is, how adventurous and romantic he is...At this point, Arthur Weasley is also one of the victims, as Molly Weasley (Prewett) is also an admirer of Lockhart.So regarding Lockhart's arrival, they all held a speculative attitude, and were preparing to watch the conflict between him and Barty Crouch.Just as everyone was looking forward to it with malicious intentions, the elevator door on the fifth floor of the Ministry of Magic opened, and the sound of the magic elevator announcement also reached the ears of everyone who was working.
   Ministry of Magic staff Gilderoy Lockhart is entering.
   At this time, whether it was the employees who were working with their heads down or those who were talking with their colleagues, they all stopped their movements and looked at the door of the elevator.When the elevator opened, the man who came out almost dropped their jawsThe visitor was wearing a gray-black Ministry of Magic standard robe, a pair of thick black leather boots, a brown briefcase in his hand, and a half-new gray round cap on his head. He looked very ordinary.All of this shouldn't cause any reaction from everyone, because there are not five hundred people in this outfit in the Ministry of Magic, but if everyone pays attention to them, then they have nothing serious to do .But this outfit appeared on Gilderoy Lockhart, which is rather weird.Not only that, judging from the hair protruding from under the round hat, Lockhart also wore a standard mid-section hairstyle today, and even his sideburns were meticulously trimmed. If it weren't for someone who knew Barty Crouch well, They might still think that the visitor is Crouch's illegitimate son.Seeing the people around him staring at him in a daze, Lockhart reached out and took off his bowler hat, revealing the straightened blond hair, and then bowed slightly.
   Excuse me, how should the personnel department of the Department of International Affairs and Cooperation go? And where is the office of the director?
   The employee who was asked subconsciously pointed to the inside:    Turn right from here, the second office from the inside to the outside... Besides, there is no personnel department.
   
   Thank you.
    Lockhart put his hat on again.Although it is said that Gilderoy Lockhart's curly hair is 
   natural
   , judging from the fact that he secretly curled his hair with a hair stick in the office in the original book, I am afraid that this 
   naturalThere is a question mark about the amount of 
   , or although there are some natural curls, they are not so curlyAlso, by the way, jujutsu's hair is naturally curly, the kind that you can CS Kikumaru Eiji without perming your hair (with a cool stroke).Chapter 140 Five Qualities of BureaucratsIf it was last year, Lockhart might still have some criticisms after hearing that there is a 
   personnel department
   , but after more than a year of specific work, he has already expressed his understanding of the 
   rudimentary
    of the wizarding world, or compared to the British bureaucracy. It is commonplace to say that it is 
   simple
   .— There are more than [-] wizards, and the Ministry of Magic supports hundreds of people, which means that many departments cannot have the division of labor like the Muggle government.For example, the Department of International Affairs and Cooperation of the Ministry of Magic actually has only three offices under it, namely the International Magic Trade Standards Association, the International Magic Law Office, and the British Branch of the International Federation of Wizards.In other words, the group of people who were supposed to undertake the diplomatic work of the wizarding community in Britain had only three offices, and they were only responsible for formulating standards for imported and exported goods, participating in the formulation of international laws, and a meeting that required people to attend. , a branch similar to the United Nations General AssemblyThis can no longer be described as shabby, it is simply shabby.If Loha remembers correctly, the Commonwealth Foreign Affairs Ministry not only has ministers who specialize in appearances, political undersecretaries who specialize in doing things, and an office in charge of foreign trade and international law, but also in charge of translation, policy planning, and News promotion, foreign affairs security, arms control, protocol, finance, archives, personnel, as well as visa travel service centers and consulates in various countries...almost every function needs to set up a separate office.In addition, the Ministry of Foreign Affairs also supports 
   academic institutions
    such as Wilton Park, as well as various third-party companies and NG0. This huge institutional system consumes more than one billion pounds of British citizens every year.And look at the Ministry of Magic...o tsk tsk.It seems that it is really difficult for the Ministry of Magic to support so many people with such meager finances, let alone allocate funds to Hogwarts.However, the department is small T? The Ministry of Magic and the Ministry of Magic have a lot to do today. CAs the saying goes, although a sparrow is small, it has all the internal organs. Almost every employee of the Ministry of Magic needs to act as a 
   panacea
   . For example, policy formulation, foreign affairs security, finance, news and publicity, everyone needs to know something. Very popular.As it happens, Gilderoy Lockhart is a versatile player.Looking at the handsome boy in front of him, Barty Crouch slightly corrected the image of Lockhart in his heart.Although he has never met before, Mr. Crouch has already got a part of Lockhart's image in his mind from the conversations with other people-careless, flamboyant, pushy, narcissistic, pompous...No matter which one of these qualities it is, Mr. Crouch is very disgusted. Although he hopes to win him into his department as a facade, he does not want such a person to be in his eyes all day long. under.But when he met Gilderoy Lockhart himself, he suddenly felt that the rumors were just rumors after all, and seeing something is believing.Seeing that the other party's hair was exactly the same as his own, which was meticulously styled in the middle, Barty Crouch opened his mouth cautiously.
   The famous Gilderoy Lockhart...I heard that you were recommended by Dumbledore to join the International Federation of Wizards, so do you think it would be better to work in the British branch of the Federation?
   Lockhart looked sincere:    Any employee, from the moment he enters the Ministry of Magic, he becomes a stone brick on the castle, and it should not be up to him to decide where to build the wall. , no matter what decision you make, I will obey and go all out in that position.
   Seeing that he didn't look like a fake, Crouch's complexion improved a little again.
   If you only look at your resume, you are a good match for the type of talent we need. By the way, how many foreign languages ​​do you know?
   
   I still have a good understanding of the Romance languages ​​​​related to the Indo-European language family.
   Lockhart said with a 
   modest
    face, 
   Latin can barely reach the academic level, French, Romanian, Spanish, and Italian are all at the official level, but the Germanic and Greek languages ​​​​under the Indo-European language family are not. I know very well that even the conversational level of the two is relatively reluctant. In addition, when I was chasing a snowman in Tibet, I taught myself a little Chinese, but it was limited to greetings and simple daily conversations. 
   Hearing this, Barty Crouch immediately looked at Lockhart with admiration.
   That's really good... I almost forgot, you have traveled to many countries, it's really not good if you don't have a little knowledge of the language.
   
   Yeah, and you need to ask the local wizards in great detail... uh.
   
   What do you want to hear?
   
   It's nothing, mainly the traces and details of some monsters.
    Lockhart quickly covered it up.
   So that's the case, then you fully meet the requirements.
   Barty Crouch did not doubt that he had it. After confirming Lockhart's ability, he began to think seriously about what kind of work should be assigned so that he can give full play to his talents.It is hard to find someone who knows both foreign languages ​​and how to fight against black magic. International security affairs can let him take part and train him as Dumbledore's future successor. After all, Dumbledore is already very old;In addition, this guy is also good at education. Under his training, this year's Hogwarts Defense Against the Dark Arts exam has a very high pass rate. If he is asked to handle the work related to the Federation's education, science and culture, I believe he can handle it well.And because Lockhart's international reputation is also very high, it is not awkward to be included in the International Federation of Wizards. Using him to welcome guests can also add a little face to Britain;The only worry is that this person has never dealt with relevant official documents, and it is very likely that he does not have 
   civil servant thinking
   , so he may not be good at copywriting work.Thinking of this, Crouch opened his mouth again.
   Boy, I'll give you two choices, which one you choose is entirely up to you...
   Lockhart shook his head again and again:    As I said, no matter what arrangement you give me, I will accept it.
   
   Then remember the first one-don't interrupt when I'm talking.
    Crouch said slowly.Lockhart shut his mouth immediately.
   ...I'll give you two options. The first one is to go abroad one by one, go to France, and represent the United Kingdom to participate in the annual meeting of the International Wizarding Association. After returning, you will be responsible for welcoming guests and protecting their safety.
   Lockhart nodded, indicating that he had heard, while waiting for Crouch to say the second.
   The second is to go to Hogsmeade to prepare for the upcoming Triwizard Tournament next year—by the way, you don't know about the Triwizard Tournament, do you?
    Crouch asked again.
   Actually, I have heard a little that not every employee of the Ministry of Magic can always lead by example and strictly abide by the discipline of secrecy like you.
    Lockhart flattered.
   I knew it, those bastards...
    Barty Crouch muttered in a low voice, 
   So, what do you think?
   Lockhart thought for a while:    I want to ask, what specific things do I need to do in Hogsmeade?
   Crouch smiled for the first time:    A lot of work, from fundraising to setting up venues, from importing foreign magic items to preparing souvenirs suitable for sale, from reserving hotels for game visitors to building food supply chains, everything No. You must do this in secrecy, if possible.
   
   We are also responsible for fundraising and setting up the venue? Isn't it held by Hogwarts?
    Lockhart asked.Crouch sighed:    Yeah, Hogwarts is holding... But they hold the competition, don't they need the Ministry of Magic to allocate funds? And the students and teachers among the guests can be placed in their respective colleges, but foreign countries What about the tourists who come to watch the game? Many people in Hogsmeade are counting on this to make a small fortune.
   Lockhart was right when he thought about it, and then he discovered an astonishing fact.
   That said, the person in charge of this will be dealing with extremely tedious affairs and will have a lot of responsibility.
   
   Yes, I personally suggest that you choose the first one. After all, as an internationally renowned person, it makes sense for you to be in charge of visiting or receiving foreign guests, and you don't have to do anything, you just need to know how to spend money.
   Barty Crouch stared at Lockhart's face while waiting for his reply, as if observing whether he wavered.
   Although I will obey any arrangement, since you kindly gave me two options, I will choose the second one.
    Lockhart replied without hesitation.
   The second one? Are you sure?
    Mr. Crouch asked calmly, 
   The workload of that one will be heavy, and as you said just now, it will be very cumbersome.Work makes me happy, sir. Quoting Dobby, Lockhart answered half-truthfully, 
   I'm still young, and all I need is more work to train myself.
   Barty Crouch's legs under the table gradually leveled down.It seems that the rumors really can't be taken seriously, even if the person in front of him is just pretending, at least he knows how to pretend.
   Since you ask so, of course I won't stop you, but before you set off, you'd better read the history of the previous Triwizard Tournament, as well as the historical relationship between us Britain and France and Germany.
   Chapter 140 The Ministry of Magic's Diplomatic Philosophy--Structural RealismRighteousnessAfter walking out of Barty Crouch's office, a stone in Lockhart's heart fell to the ground.It seems that although the minister put on small shoes for himself, due to the lack of people in the Ministry of Magic, he still got the operating power of many specific affairs.Before that, he was really worried that people from the Ministry of Magic would use him as a mascot.And just now in the office, Lockhart had some other gains - that is, he saw a few books on Barty Crouch's desk.In addition to some history books, biographies of famous people in the magical world, and documents of the Ministry of Magic, Lockhart also accidentally saw 
   Leviathan
   , 
   On Regime
    and 
   On Society
    on Barty Crouch's bookshelf .You know, this is the book of Thomas Hobbes, a British classical liberal political scientist,
    even if his theory has a greater influence on realism.It had never occurred to Lockhart that a Muggle political book would appear here, even though it was compulsory reading for British Muggle civil servants at school.Then he thought for a while before recalling that Thomas Hobbes died in 1679, and the 
   Wizard Secrecy Act
    was promulgated in 1689 and began to be implemented in 1692. Under the siege of the faction, it was a very controversial 
   Xianxue
    at that time, and wizards would definitely notice it.The situation in the wizarding world at that time did not allow them not to study politics, because the historical environment of that period was the Renaissance period, and the mainstream of the era was the bourgeoisie's resistance to the kingship and theocracy, and the core idea of ​​the royalists was 
   the divine right of kings
   . , so anti-Christianity is anti-royalty.But wizards generally dismiss Christianity, so the wizarding council asked the kingRequests for legislation to protect wizards were rejected, and wizards' children and some bad wizards were physically tortured by the Muggle Church.This fact forced change in the wizarding world, and as a result gave birth to the Ministry of Magic and the Act of Secrecy.And it is only natural that the contemporary Hobbes would be noticed by the wizards, because they were looking for all the ideas that could provide them with theoretical support.If Barty Crouch also reads his book, then his international relations theory is likely to be inclined to 
   structural realism
   Although Lockhart was born in Oxford in his previous life, he was a member of the British School of Rationalism, but he is no stranger to structural realism, because it is also the object of research of rationalism, and the six principles of realism also belong to the international Relevant to the content of this course.Later, structural realists concluded a very famous conclusion through Hobbes' theory. Even if this conclusion is far from Hobbes' original intention, it is the same, that is, 
   might is right
   . Power
    is simply a pair of brothers.Lockhart suddenly understood why Barty Crouch Jr., the son of Barty Crouch, ended up becoming a Death Eater.Others may think that Barty Crouch Jr. is too rebellious. Obviously his father is so well-behaved, but his son has become an unforgivable Death Eater. This is too big a contrast.But if Barty Crouch Jr. grew up under the education of his father: then it is a matter of course that he would worship Voldemort, as if 1+1 must equal 2.Tsk tsk, everyone thinks he is a tiger father and dog son, but in fact, he reaps melons and reaps beans.Lockhart sighed.If even the Crouch family, a family belonging to the    Holy 28 Pure Blood
   This is how their children are raised, but what about other wizarding families?For example, the kind of sloppy things in Malfoy's house, isn't it a realist supporter?And how much will the magical political circle based on Hobbes' theory agree with Voldemort's theory of 
   magic is power
   ?In Leviathan, Hobbes makes it clear that the sovereign has the authority to change the beliefs and ideas of the people, causing chaos if the people do not do so.Although he himself professed his belief in Christianity, he also stated that he would be willing to change his faith at the command of the sovereign.If we think back to Harry Potter's 
   death
   , Voldemort once said to the teachers and students of Hogwarts, 
   From today onwards, you must entrust your faith to me (Frmthisdayfrth7yuputyurfaithinme)
   , which again Isn't it a concrete manifestation of Hobbes' theory that sovereignty can change people's beliefs■This once again confirms one of Lockhart's ideas - that Voldemort's rebellion is essentially a political issue, not something that a few magical people acting as terrorists can start.If you have the opportunity, you must introduce to the wizarding world the development of Muggles’ political theories over the past few hundred years. You cannot let Voldemort, the realist who thinks he understands politics after reading a few books of Machiavelli and Hobbes, harm the world. .But having said that, although many people, especially those on some 
   knowledge forums
   , often ridicule Voldemort, saying that his political thinking is too naive, but there are a few people whose thinking can really surpass Machiavelli and Huo What about Booth's level?The result of Lockhart's thinking was that after going back one night, he racked his brains to write an official report.
   
   
Chapter 69   
   
   In this official document report, Lockhart recorded all the things he was going to do in Hogsmeade, and strictly followed the views and theories of structural realism, explained and explained what he was going to do. illustrate.Don't ask why Lockhart is clearly a rationalist British school, but he has no idea about the structure.Constructive realism knows so well.In fact, after owning the Ravenclaw crown, no matter whether his boss is realist, liberal or constructivist, Lockhart can find a way to make himself an 
   expert
    in that field in a daySure enough, Barty Crouch admired Lockhart's official document very much, no matter its format or the theories cited when explaining the content.If it wasn't for the content, he even wanted to send this official document down, so that all the staff of the Department of International Magical Cooperation could learn from it, because this is the 
   model document
    in his mindIt's a pity that he can't, because he really can't comment on the content of this official documentIntermediate trade'? 
   Export Fair
   ? And 
   enchantment
    of Muggle goods?
   Barty Crouch took off his glasses and rubbed his temples with a headache, 
   Tell me, what do you mean?
   Chapter 140 Seven Thoughts from the OlympicsBarty Crouch's question was not so easy for Lockhart to answer, because he still didn't know enough about his new boss's position.He is not sure what Barty Crouch's attitude towards 
   reform
    is, so he can only use this method to test carefully.
   Some of the latter measures belong to long-term development, such as the establishment of an intermediate processing market, but we will have to wait for the Triwizard Tournament to test the water before deciding whether to implement it.
    Lockhart said cautiously, 
   If possible, I would like to Step by step first, do what can be done first.”
   I'm listening.
    Barty Crouch remained calm.With the recent deepening of understanding of these pure-blood families, Lockhart gradually discovered that although not all of the so-called ancient families in the 
   Holy 28 Pure-Bloods
    have family backgrounds, they definitely have connections. Yes, that even includes the Longbottoms and Weasleys.People like Marchban, who are not fake to the Malfoy family, have been close friends with Mrs. Longbottom for many years.And from the novel, we can also see that the Ministry of Magic is almost all acquaintances of Arthur Weasley from top to bottom, which also shows the importance of his family background, even if he himself works in a cold yamen. .Because of the general old age of wizards and the loose social structure, their class mobility will definitely be slower than that of Muggles, and the degree of conservatism will also be higher. You cannot expect every old wizard to be like Dumbledore Be positive about reform.According to the normal rhythm, as a half-blood wizard with few contacts, if Lockhart wants to rise to the top, he has to stay in the Ministry of Magic for four or fifty years.When the old people are tired of all this and decide to retire voluntarily, he may only get a chance.That's why Luo Haji didn't hesitate to use the opportunity of being a teacher at Hogwarts to win DengBullido's support, it seems to take an extra year, but it can save him 20 years of struggle.But now, as long as he doesn't cope well, the 20 years he has fought for is very likely to be beaten back by Barty Crouch for five years.Lockhart decided to express his views from the most realistic point of view:    Secretary, I personally believe that the Triwizard Tournament should not be a waste of money for entertainment, we should use it to show the world that we Britons unity and prosperity for Scotland...and make a little money along the way.
   Crouch did not agree right away:    But I must first remind you that it is almost impossible to make money from this kind of entertainment. This is destined to be a losing business.
   
   Losing money?
    Lockhart didn't wait for Crouch's surprise, but he was a little surprised first, 
   How could the Triwizard Tournament lose money?
   In this humble Ministry of Magic, everyone who can become a director is destined to be a generalist, and Mr. Crouch is no exception. He calculated the cost of hosting the Triwizard Tournament for Lockhart on the spot.
   The championship bonus is one thousand galleons. This cannot be saved, and it will look shabby if it is lower. It is a huge sum of money to rent an adult dragon from Romania. They will pay 300 galleons for an appearance fee. We have to prepare three dragons. It was nine hundred; the mermaids asked us for metal weapons, but I rejected them, saying that considering the rust, I could only give them some stone weapons, but this would also cost some processing fees; the Sphinx imported from Greece The money is not a small sum, we have to buy the rest of the dangerous animals from the demon hunters, and if they need to be captured alive, their asking price will be even higher.In addition to the money that cannot be saved, the money for receiving foreign guests, the money for building stands, and the money for renting equipment are also difficult to deduct in numbers... Of course, the most expensive thing is the cost of hiring professional referees and other game maintenance personnel, and security personnel. Our Ministry of Magic will do it ourselves, otherwise the budget is really not enough. 
   After listening to Crouch's report, Lockhart roughly calculated a number in his mind
   In other words, it is about 20 times the bonus, which is about [-] Galleons.This figure was not large. Compared with some medium-sized Muggle competitions known to Lockhart, the cost of hosting was only 20 times the prize money, which was quite frugal.
   Yeah, that's about the same number. The maintenance cost of the Ministry of Magic is less than 30 yuan a year, which is a lot of money... That's why I opposed holding the Triwizard Tournament at the beginning. First, it was too dangerous. The second is that it is too heavy for financial pressure.”Luohaif Temple thought the same thing, if there is a country government on the Muggle side that wants to use one-seventh of the year's tax revenue to hold a sports meeting, then the head of the government will definitely be kicked out of power by the peopleThis is how the wizarding world can do this kind of thing—because the production of food and utensils is highly self-sufficient, the overall demand for currency by wizards is not as great as that of Muggles.For Lockhart, his most valuable gain was not knowing these specific financial budgets, but knowing the director's attitude towards the Triwizard Tournament.Barty Crouch believes that the Triwizard Tournament is a waste of people and money, and the process of the game is meaningless. Once a dangerous accident such as death occurs, they have to bear the responsibility for it.It's just that he has never said these things to outsiders, and in a well-behaved style, he only reminded Fudge tactfully of the budget issue, and did not publicly discourage him from stepping down.And Fudge's response was even more brilliant—he didn't say no, he didn't say no, he didn't say a solution, he just said 
   We believe you can solve the problem
   Solve the problem?What problem can he solve?Crouch's original intention was to wait for Lockhart to go to Hogsmeade, and let him make specific requests based on the actual situation, and then he could use these specific requests to ask the minister for money.But Lockhart gave him a surprise—he seemed to want to solve the funding problem by himself without asking the Ministry of Magic for a penny.
   How do you plan to solve the fundraising issue?
    Barty Crouch asked suspiciously, 
   You can never earn back from ticket money.
   Of course he has a reason for daring to make such an assertion—the wizard population in Britain is not large, and there are only 6000 wizards in [-] million people, and the ratio is similar in other countriesIn other words, the entire European Union may only have about 12 wizards. Even if you count the population of wizards in Russia, North Africa and the British colonies, it should not exceed [-]. It is estimated that those who can come to watch the game Local people, but they do not count on them in America and Asia.Even according to the most optimistic estimate, it would be considered good if there are a thousand outsiders who will come to watch the game, and Crouch's own estimate is no more than 600 people, even if they each charge 5 Galleons for a package ticket , It is also a drop in the bucket for the cost of hosting the game.
   It's simple.
    Lockhart seemed confident, 
   There is an 
   Olympics
    in the Muggle world, have you heard of it? 
   The corner of Crouch's eyes twitched: I mean the Olympic Games handed down from ancient Greece?Of course I know that, but wasn’t it imprisoned by those lunatics who crucified the corpse?    
   It was restored later, at the end of the century.
   
   Okay, they've brought back a nude parade, and the craziest can wear a laurel wreath, but what does that have to do with the race we're running?
    Crouch asked again.For Crouch's words, Lockhart wanted to spit out thousands of old troughs in his heart, but his professionalism still allowed him to maintain the typical poker face of British civil servants.
   In fact, the Muggles used to think that hosting the Olympics was a bad idea.Selling, several cities in the Soviet Union and the United States are still heavily in debt because of hosting the Olympic Games.For example, the evil red empire of the Soviet Union spent 90 billion, or almost 15 billion Galleons, which is enough for the people of their country to live frugally for 100 years, and some cities owed hundreds of millions of dollars because of this. Debts (Lockhart frivolously avoided Montreal, Canada, and Munich, West Germany) took decades of hard work by the people of the city to pay off, so that in the end no country was willing to lift stones - until 1984, that is, nine years ago Until the Olympics.Since then, more and more countries are willing to host the Olympics. 
   Barty Crouch was a little curious: 5 million galleons of steel!But I'm more interested in what happened in the 1984 Olympics?    
   The money, the Los Angeles Games made $2 million, that's almost thirty-four million galleons, and that was done without cutting down on the number of medals much.
   Old Crouch's interest was finally brought up:    Details.
   Chapter 140 Eight Stealing knowledge from the Muggle world is the source of progress in the wizarding worldPeople say that facts are the best teachers. For British politicians, how to stand between hypocritical egalitarianism and fake liberalism has always been a question.Of course, this has never been a problem for Lockhart and his group, because they are just lowly state organs. No matter what route the mob...the people choose in the end, they are just responsible for copying and implementing-of course, implementing It is up to civil servants to figure out the method.However, Mrs. Thatcher finally chose to fully privatize the state-owned assets built during the Clement Attlee period. This cannot but be said to be a tragedy of socialism. The reality of the complete loss of market competitiveness after private ownership also made these civil servants a little bit regretful that they could not stop her at the beginning.Of course, the main reason is that after the disappearance of these state-run institutions, there are fewer places for civil servants to work, even if the places for them to retire increase a little bit.In any case, in this wave of total privatization, civil servants have learned how to tell those 
   high truths
    to those 
   undereducated, Only the beer and football mob
    understands.Among them, the demonstrative effect of the Los Angeles Olympics has contributed greatly, and the effect is likely to be much higher than that of the political philosophers supported by the United States and the Soviet Union who have debated a thousand times.The inefficient Olympic Games, run by the government, turned from a huge loss to a profit after being operated privately. What could be more indicative of the new freedom?What about the correctness of doctrine?
   ...That's it. If you want to make money, you need to increase income and reduce expenditure. In terms of reducing expenditure, we can cooperate with Hogsmeade residents to provide homestays instead of building new hotels, and the venue for competitions can also be used. The Quidditch pitches and the Forbidden Forest at Hogwarts, and the foreign students participating in the competition are arranged into the Hogwarts dormitories - as far as I know, it is still very empty.
   
   
   We've thought about this for a long time, and some of it we're really going to implement, but we can't make it too shabby, you understand? ’ Crouch warned.
   What do you mean by 
   shabby
    we can reduce the cost to what extent? ' Lockhart tried to confirm.Crouch didn't play tricks, but told Lockhart very precisely what standards he had in mind.
   It means that we will not lose face in front of the Germans. Fudge has promised at the International Federation of Wizards that Great Britain will definitely hold the first Triwizard Tournament after hundreds of years. Liang, set an example for the latecomers to learn from.
   
   He really said that?
    Lockhart was a little surprised.Crouch straightened his face:    Of course.
   No wonder Fudge was so distraught after Cedric died—it seemed that this 
   model
    was not so good.
   I understand.
    Lockhart tried his best to look serious, 
   Since this is the case, not only can't the budget be reduced, but we also need to increase investment in audience seats and accommodation.
   So Crouch asked him what he was most concerned about:    So I really want to know how you plan to raise funds...Of course, I have also heard about what you did at Hogwarts.
   Lockhart has long been prepared for this, or in other words, he is waiting here for Crouch
   It's not complicated to say, Director, to put it bluntly is to commercialize it, or to put it more simply, 
   sell everything that can be sold'
   ...can you give me an example?
   
   For example, the right to report, we can auction the right to conduct live reports on the spot, and the media with the highest bid will get it. The starting price is 700 galleons.
    Lockhart said his idea.Mr. Crouch's mouth opened slightly in surprise, an expression rarely seen even by his personal assistants.
   That's okay too?
    he asked.Lockhart thought he was worried that the asking price would be too high and the media would be discouraged, so he began to explain to him.U00 Galleons is absolutely no problem. I heard that the grand prize of the 
   Daily Prophet
    lottery is also 700 Galleons. They can fully pay this money. As long as those media compete a little bit, we will give the prize money to the champion. up. 
   But that's not what Crouch is worried about:    I mean, won't it be too ugly to eat like this? After all, this kind of entertainment...I mean a once-in-a-century event. If all the media are not allowed to report freely, they may Raise objections.
   
   They have no reason to object. The competition is funded by the Ministry of Magic, and it is also taxed by wizards all over the UK. Why do we use taxpayers' money to provide free material to those media? After they get the news, they can get subscription income and Advertising revenue, and even generous readers will tip us, but we get nothing.
   
   This... makes sense.
    Crouch was at a loss for words.
   Not to mention that after entering the game site, these reporters must go deep and it is more dangerousIn order to take better photos in some areas of the area, our Ministry of Magic has to provide them with security services, which is also a large expense, and they should pay it. 
   
   Yes.
    Crouch seemed to be convinced by him, 
   It's just that the Daily Prophet doesn't cover the whole world.
   
   The whole world?
    Lockhart made a look of surprise, 
   Of course the rights to report in different regions will be auctioned separately. Northern Europe can be bid by Swedish, Norwegian, and Finnish media, and Western Europe will be bid by Italian, French, and Spanish media. The Germanic and Central European regions have to be developed separately, and Eastern Europe, North Africa, Asia, America...they all use different languages, right?
   Seeing Barty Crouch's more and more strange eyes, Lockhart hastened to remedy: Of course, if the    Daily Prophet
    is willing to pay a higher price to cover all the reporting rights, and then transfer the reporting rights of each region to It's not impossible to sell to other media, this is a normal business practice, and we can't stop them, but the price must be more than a mere 1000 Galleons. 
   Mr. Crouch seemed shocked:    Any more?
   
   Of course, the parts we can make profit are far more than these - for example, the clothing of the contestants, we can sell the right to print the company's logo on it. We can also prepare some flying broomsticks on the spot, and companies such as Nimbus, Comet, and Sweep can bid for sponsorship rights , The sponsorship fee is 400 plus uplift.We can even tell the Bulgarians that some Greeks are going to print a cow-patterned yogurt trademark on Krum, the pride of Bulgaria. sponsorship rights.In addition, the billboards in the venue, the VIP seats with the best view in the stands, and Beauxbaton and Durmstrang's entrance ceremony viewing rights when they came to Hogwarts, the special guests of the opening ceremony... There are so many things that can be sold, it shouldn't be difficult to raise [-] Galleons. 
   Mr. Crouch took a long breath, and said in a tone of praise or sarcasm:    You are really a ghost, Lockhart.
   Not my genius, but the legendary Jew who commercialized the Olympics, Lockhart thought.
   If you agree, I will write a more detailed implementation plan tonight. The one I am giving you now is actually more long-term, so I hope to see more British brands among the sponsors. And use this competition as a promotional opportunity to sell British products to the world.
   
   Fudge will like your statement.
    Crouch commented dryly. 
   It's true that we can't just rely on trade bans to resist the entry of flying carpets. They have captured the entire Middle East and Asia. Even the Chinese gang like Yujian The old-fashioned flying is beginning to lean on the blanket and go to Kunlun Mountain.
   Because it is too dangerous to use apparation for long-distance travel, and it is not convenient for the management of magical institutions in various countries, cross-border travel with apparation is prohibited.This is especially true in Europe, because there are so many small countries as big as boogers, so long-distance transportation is a necessity for cross-border travel.Among these means of transportation, the flying carpet has gradually occupied the global market due to its excellent comfort, while the status of the flying broom is becoming more and more embarrassing, which makes British people of insight feel worried.The British Ministry of Magic's response was to promote the Floo Network and hope that countries will use fireplaces to communicate more.However, none of the wizarding institutions in various countries agreed—although it is not difficult to communicate the magic of the Floo network with a fireplace, and two Sickles and a spoonful of Floo powder are not expensive, but Floo powder itself can only be produced in the UK Only a fool would give his lifeline to the British for safekeeping.Since Floo powder was invented by Ignatius Jay Will Smith in the 13th century ADSince then, its manufacture has been strictly controlled by the British.The only licensed manufacturer in the UK is Fl-Pw, which is headquartered in Diagon Alley and no one has ever been able to say where its gates areFloo powder has never been reported to be in shortage for hundreds of years, which means that its manufacture is not difficult, does not depend on a scarce raw material, and no one knows that it is made of who made it.And its price has remained the same for hundreds of years: two Sickles a scoop.So far, there have been quite a few wizards trying to crack the formula of Floo powder every year, but they basically all entered St. Mungo's Magical Hospital, and none of them succeeded.Obviously, the British Ministry of Magic is collecting the    fuel tax
   . Without this money, the Ministry of Magic's finances may be even more strained than it is now.If wizards from all over the world start to rely on Floo powder and fireplaces for travel, even if the British don’t get stuck on their necks, they will still be charged a huge amount of traffic tax by the British Ministry of Magic every year with Floo powder, and the devil is willing to do such a stupid thing.Although the society of the wizarding world is relatively loose, and the international relations are relatively simple, when it comes to interests, the intensity of the conflict is still not inferior to that of Muggles, and it can be seen from the point of transportation.Lockhart's idea is not difficult to understand—he wants to turn the Triwizard Tournament into an export fair, so that he can definitely explain to the entire British wizarding world.
   But the price that our own people can pay may not be
   After the Wuyemen won the bid, we secretly gave them a 15-point refund... This is the export tax rebate. ’ Lockhart added the last piece for him.Chapter 140 IX Prison BreakCrouch thought about it all night after listening to Lockhart's report, and when he came to the Ministry of Magic the next day, he agreed in principle to Lockhart's plan.
   I have to discuss some details with the minister.
    He said, 
   Fudge has a 
   key support list
   , and he will give priority to policies for many companies that he thinks will help the British magic community. 
   
   I bet all the properties of the Malfoy family are on that list.
    Lockhart said casually, 
   Maybe the list is the property list of the Malfoy family, and then Fudge added the names of a dozen companies to it.
   
   
   
Chapter 70   
   
   He was only joking when he said that, sarcasm by the way, but Barty Crouch took it seriously.
   It's not all. For example, the Malfoy family has always wanted to let go of the free trade of dragon eggs, but Fudge has not agreed.
    He told Lockhart solemnly, 
   He is worried that Australian opaleye eggs are too fossil-like. Be careful of being discarded into the wild by wizards, which will affect the pure blood of the Welsh green dragon. The French said a few years ago that they had discovered a new species of 
   Gallic Golden Sun
   , but when we went to inspect it, we found that it was just a Peruvian venomous dragon. A hybrid with the Hungarian Horntail. 
   Hearing this, Lockhart has a new understanding of how old-fashioned his new boss is - Crouch is not the same as Dumbledore, he never knows what playing is
   I see, so when can I go to Hogsmeade?
   
   Wait another week. You can get acquainted with your colleagues these few days. Your office is in the fourth room straight after getting out of the elevator. The International Trade Standards Association is headed by Ms. Lufkin, who is Artemisia Olu Fukin's granddaughter, don't forget to say hello.
   
   I won't forget.
   
   Also, I heard that you took in the house elves who were expelled from the Malfoy family? Although it's not a big deal, I still suggest you go to the house elf resettlement office and make up the formalities. If no one is there , let’s leave a copy first and make an appointment for the next time, anyway, there’s usually not much work there, and everyone has gone to the ghoul processing office to help.”
   alright, thank you very much.
   Crouch sent Lockhart out of the door and pointed him to the location of the Department of Magical Creature Control before returning to his office.Seeing this scene, Bob Ogden patted his chest thankfully.
   It's a good thing I didn't bet with you,
    he said to Arthur Weasley.In the next few days, Lockhart really did what Crouch said, trying to help his colleagues with their work, and at the same time getting to know as many people as possible.This move of his saved him: because just this week, a prison break happened suddenly in Azkaban.The notorious criminal, the traitor who betrayed the Potters, Sirius Black, escaped from Azkaban!Fortunately, not many people watched    The Quibbler
   , so it can be said that there are very few people who think of Lockhart.It just so happened that the only people who knew that Lockhart had really visited the prison were those few, and they were basically in the Ministry of Magic at this time, and Lockhart had installed 996 hardworking employees in the Ministry of Magic for another week, so This perfect alibi helped him get rid of the suspicion.But now that he's out of suspects, some people are.Umbridge!It can be said that Fudge is out of anger now, and he doesn't even use his first name to address Umbridge, but directly uses his last name.It never occurred to him that even after he had warned her, she would dare to make small moves under his nose.After Rita Skeeter came back from Hogwarts, she scolded Dumbledore in various tabloids almost every day. Fudge just pretended not to see it, because he felt that there was nothing wrong with it, since it could subtly cause Influence, but not to let him and Dumbledore get into a stalemate.However, it's nothing more than to sow public opinion in the newspapers, and directly release the Death Eaters to frame political opponents. This kind of thing still penetrates Fudge's bottom line.It's not that he thinks it's immoral, but that if such a thing is revealed, then he will be ruined, not only his political career, but his entire life, so it's not worth it at all.With a straight face, he threw the Daily Prophet in Umbridge's face.
   I need an explanation,
    he said.As an excellent deputy minister, Umbridge put all his thoughts on fighting for power and profit, so he naturally didn't care so much about his job.When Sirius Black escaped, Umbridge was the last person in her department to know about it, and Fudge had told her about it.She quickly defended herself:    I didn't do it. If it was me, I would let Dolokhov out. He is the most vicious.
   
   Really?
    Fudge asked sarcastically, 
   I think Black's identity is very suitable, you really put your heart into it.
   The reason why Fudge said this is of course not without reason. If you want to cause trouble for Dumbledore and Crouch at the same time, Sirius Black is undoubtedly the best candidate.In fact, the Ministry of Magic's 
   Death Eater
    status is not uncommon for Sirius.Any doubts, because in the confessions of the rest of the Death Eaters, Sirius never participated in any activities of the Dark Lord's gang, and even Snape didn't know when he took refuge in Voldemort.Although it was a bit strange, but considering that Blake was the one who 
   rebelled
    at the last moment, and he was one of the group of people imprisoned by Barty Crouch himself, everyone didn't think much about it.At that time, Crouch was very powerful, and the voice of becoming the Minister of Magic was even higher than that of Fudge. No one wanted to touch him at that time. If he hadn’t been exposed because his son was a Death Eater in the end, I’m afraid Fudge Neither had a chance.Therefore, he is the only 
   Death Eater
    who was born in the Order of the Phoenix and has a grudge against Crouch. It is more disgusting to release him than Dolohov or Lestrange. send people.Umbridge suddenly realized that she couldn't speak clearly even if she had a mouth.It's like a student who often doesn't do his homework and lies to the teacher 
   forgot to bring it
   .When he did write his homework one day, but didn't bring it with him for various reasons, he would find that no one would believe him at all.Before Umbridge could continue to argue, Fudge had already made a decision for her, 
   You've been too busy with work recently, I think you must be too tired. Why don't you take a vacation and take a break?
   Although Fudge's tone was suggestive, there was nothing in his expression suggesting a consultation with Umbridge.Umbridge's face suddenly paled a lot.
   If that's your decision, Fudge...I will.
   Chapter 150Although it is often said that 
   good things do not go out, evil things travel thousands of miles
   , but Umbridge used his own example to tell the world that sometimes things can be reversed.The fact that she was 
   on leave
    had spread throughout the Ministry of Magic through various channels in less than two hours. The news of the separation of the princess.At that time, everyone was just watching the jokes about the Muggle royal family, and their feelings were far less real than the fact that Umbridge was on leave, but this news can make more than half of the people here happy.Everyone believed that Fudge was looking for a scapegoat for Sirius Black's prison escape. After all, Azkaban, which was always considered to be absolutely safe, suddenly escaped from prison: this would inevitably make people doubt the Ministry of Magic's ability to control the prison .More importantly, if Black can escape, what about the rest of the Death Eaters?He wasn't the most vicious of those people back then!Therefore, when Fudge ordered to unify the caliber, saying that the accident happened entirely because Umbridge    dispatched the dementors privately
   , so that there was a loophole in Azkaban's defense, everyone just laughed Laughing, showing a tacit expression, they went their separate ways.This was quite a new thing for Lockhart. Although Umbridge did dispatch the dementors privately, it was 
   two years later
   . It feels kind of weird to take responsibility for what you have time to do.So the butterfly effect is really interesting. Obviously things are still going according to the 
   normal
   , but there are two or three small accidents in the middle, and the result will be completely different.Lockhart doesn't ask i'M+ any unknown changes now. In his opinion, onlyHe has mastered the power of the Ministry of Magic, so no matter how Voldemort's actions change, he will not be able to escape his control.After get off work, when Lockhart was calmly writing the report and pretending to work overtime, Fudge came to the door with an embarrassed expression on his face.Pei Mei long!How do you have time to come here? 
   Lockhart hastily moved a chair for Fudge, and used the Flying Charm to fetch wine bottles, teapots, and coffee pots from the tray in the corner of the office, and asked the minister what he wanted to drink.Fudge didn't want to drink anything at first, but when he saw the origin label on the bottle of French Zumma wine brought over by Lockhart, he suddenly felt that drinking some wine was not a bad thing, at least it could relieve a little trouble.
   I don't drink tea and coffee after three o'clock in the afternoon, I won't be able to sleep, especially today, it is already difficult to sleep,
    Fudge said.Lockhart understood and poured half a glass of wine for the minister, then moved a bench and sat beside him.
   I've been here for a few days, are you still used to work?
    Fudge tried hard to put on an amiable expression.In terms of expression management, Lockhart believed that he was no worse than Ren Ren, and anyone who looked at the flattered expression he put on would think it was true.
   Of course, it couldn't have been smoother. Everyone has been very kind to me, and the work handover has not gone wrong. It can be seen that under your governance, this place has become a vibrant and efficient place. 
   Fudge has gradually become numb to this level of ordinary flattery, so he didn't react, just holding a glass of wine and talking to himself.I believe you have seen the headlines in today's newspaper... I exchanged views with Dumbledore at noon on this matter, and he and I agreed that we should immediately start to remedy this. 
   Lockhart nodded, showing that he was listening carefully.
   Dumbledore told me, are you planning to make up lessons for Harry Potter this summer?
   Lockhart pretended to remember it, and acted as if he just remembered it:    I almost forgot if you didn't tell me, it really happened. The Savior spent too much time studying to prepare for the Quidditch match. As a person who also has a house in the Muggle world, I can only give him a tutoring lesson.
   Fudge took a sip of the wine, and the whole person seemed a lot lighter under the influence of alcohol.
   So, although our savior inherited his father's Quidditch talent, he didn't inherit his academic excellence...I remember that among those four people, except for Remus Lupine, the other three seemed to be Didn't study much, but they always get high marks in every exam... Except Pettigrew Peter, the world is really unfairLockhart doesn't see it that way, although James Potter and Sirius Black in the 
   Marauders
    foursome don't take classes and do their homework seriously, but they are like the Weasley brothers, solving problems The abilities are all exercised in practice.In order to help their friends spend the night of the full moon, they taught themselves Animagus, and then completed a good achievement in transfiguration; for night travel, they studied the Marauder's Map, and then learned a lot of schools There are no spells taught.He still remembers a certain college classmate of his, who usually clubs and plays ball and doesn't study much. He didn't even graduate after graduation, but only got a diploma.But just because he is interested in the Internet, he is obviously a liberal arts major, but he taught himself a lot of mathematics and programming, and established a network information service company.Some people regard learning as a stepping stone, and some people use what they have learned, and those who apply what they have learned are often very 
   biased
   . This is a doomed thing.The reason why Harry Potter didn't 
   inherit
    that kind of talent is probably because there is nothing worth doing for him yet.
   That's it... Since you are going to make up lessons for him, during this vacation, can you please temporarily put aside other work and protect Potter's safety?
    Fudge finally made a coy request.
   Protecting him alone?
    Lockhart asked knowingly. 
   So Black escaped because of him?
   
   From what we have so far.
    Fudge said with a grimace, 
   For some reason, we entered Azkaban...uh... Anyway, Black got the newspaper in our hands, and saw that Potter got The news of the duel champion of the junior group that year.
   
   Which one is it?
    Lockhart seemed to have a sense.Fudge looked even more embarrassed, and didn't know if it was real or pretending.Coyly he produced a copy of the Sunday Prophet and handed it to Lockhart.According to Umbridge, she used the information posted on it to question the Death Eaters if someone had revealed the location of the Chamber of Secrets to Lockhart in order to find 
   things left by the Dark Lord
   , but she found nothing.Although Bella was a little disturbed that she hadn't heard from the Dark Lord, she had heard Voldemort boast before that 
   only I can open the Hogwarts Chambers
   .Now that the Chamber of Secrets has been opened, does that mean that the Dark Lord has returned?That's right, the Dark Lord has just been revived, and he probably hasn't fully recovered his strength yet, so it's impossible for him to come to him so soon.Bella was very excited when she thought of this, and she would naturally be more tight-lipped, so when Umbridge questioned her, she didn't say a word.As for Blake, after scanning the photo on the newspaper, his eyes suddenly became sharp, and he changed his attitude of ignoring answers just now, and asked Umbridge for the newspaper.Umbridge thought there was something going on, so he gave him the newspaper.As a result, the guy stared at the photo of Harry and his friends celebrating in a circle for a long time, but returned the newspaper to her very calmly, saying that he didn't know anything, which disappointed Umbridge .Now that I think about it, Black must have known Harry's news at that timeAlthough Umbridge had confessed what he had done, Fudge was afraid to tell Lockhart why.He felt that if Dumbledore's family knew that it was his side who made a fool of himself and that Black had decided to escape from prison, Dumbledore would definitely kill him
   In short, his safety is up to you. You only need to be responsible for protecting him for two months. When Potter returns to Hogwarts, our Ministry of Magic can free up manpower to hunt down Black...I will talk to Crouch For this matter, you can go to Hogsmeade later, okay? I will find a way to help you get more of the budget for the competition.
   
   It's your duty, Minister,
    Lockhart agreed.Chapter 150 A Home VisitThe reason why Lockhart agreed to Fudge was of course not because Fudge proposed to 
   increase the budget
   , that small amount of money has not been taken seriously by the current Lockhart.He was thinking that since Fudge had shown a willingness to reconcile, he would still have to do as much as possible to bring the Ministry and Dumbledore together until Voldemort returned.Instead of the original book, Dumbledore is responsible for the deadlock of the relationship with Fudge, and the three of Harry Potter are responsible for the deadlock of the relationship with Scrimgeour.Fudge is a little shameless, but after the Ministry of Magic discovered the Death Eaters and Voldemort, his reaction was still confrontation, and Scrimgeour didn't reveal the whereabouts of the three Harry Potters until his death. He can be called a hero. It all shows that the two have no essential difference from Dumbledore and others in their general standpoint against Voldemort. Why do they do things that intensify the conflict, which hurts relatives and makes enemies happy?Isn't political struggle about making fewer enemies and making more friends?After getting Lockhart's affirmative answer, Fudge was satisfied, drank the wine that Lockhart had poured, and left his office, while Lockhart changed the plan that he had changed several times. The money plan was stuffed back into the belly of the table—it won't be needed anytime soon anyway.After a thrilling school season, Harry Potter is back at 4 Privet Drive, ready to spend his summer vacation this year.Compared with that period of campus time, which was full of excitement and fear, Harry felt that his summer vacation life was simply boring.Even Snape's meticulous 
   caring
    in Potions class is so cute compared with Uncle Vernon's smirk.After confirming that Harry 
   had a group of distinguished companions
    there, the uncle's family stopped deducting Harry's food supply, and even bought Harry a new suit.Harry knew very well that this was just Vernon's desire to have a 
   common language
    with the rich builder for the sake of the rich builder, rather than his sudden outpouring of kindness.It was just for obvious reasons that Harry would not take the initiative to tell Uncle Vernon that his relationship with the son of the Mason family was not that good.Whenever he thought that such a day would last for another two months, Harry's mood became extremely bad, and he could only turn his grief and anger into strength, and bury himself in writing the summer homework left for him by the magic school.Or look out of a small attic window, hoping to spot something unusual, like an owl or something.Take me back to school!I love learning!While he was thinking wildly, a dilapidated British Post pickup truck stopped outside the door of No. 4 Privet Drive.It can be said that Harry Potter has no interest in this small truck, because he knows that people in his own world will not deliver things in this way, no matter what is in this postal truck, it will Came here to deliver something to the Dursleys.And he doesn't expect any good things to be loaded in this car—since Mrs Thatcher privatized a large number of state-owned enterprises, the British Royal Mail can be said to have gone from bad to worse. In addition, the quality of service has become more and more difficult to describe, such as lorry being robbed, the back door of the mail van being left open, and more than a dozen pieces of goods being lost during transportation are commonplace.Most importantly, the price is not cheap.So even the British themselves laughed at themselves and said that only terrorists send explosives through the post office.Sure enough, after the postman got off the car, he just took a smallBox, and started calling Dursley's name outside the door.After hearing Dursley's promise, the postman rudely stuffed the things into the mailbox of Dursley's house, and then drove away without even closing the door of the mailbox.Vernon Dursley pushed open the door cursingly, gave a middle finger to the postal truck going away, and then took the slightly deformed small square box in the mailbox back to the house.But then Harry heard Vernon Dursley howling in the house, the howling was very similar to the werewolf howling Harry heard in the Forbidden Forest, it was because of their joy when the hunt was successful And the sound of celebration.
   Petunia! We're really going to get rich this time! Make a fortune!
    Vernon's voice came up from downstairs. We might be able to move to West London soon, and it's obvious that Maggie will be there. It’s more face-saving, I remember last time you said that the houses there are too expensive, “not expensive!”Harry in the attic shrugged—whether he lived in what is now Surrey or moved to central London, he felt that he would be treated no differently.At most, my uncle will visit the neighbors of the so-called 
   upper class
    more frequently, so that I can relax a bit.
   
   
Chapter 71   
   
   But he was wrong, and very wrong.
   Harry-Potter!
   When his name was called, Vernon even broke his voice:    Come down immediately, you are responsible for receiving the distinguished guests!
   Harry wondered in his heart—who the hell is it that needs him to receive him?He dawdled down the ladder and slipped down the attic.When he came to the living room, he found an exquisite gift box on the table in the center of the living room. Inside the box lay an ebony pipe with a gold rim on the mouthpiece.However, neither he nor Vernon's attention stayed on this gadget for too long. They were more concerned about the letter on the box lid.Gilderoy Lockhart - have you heard of this man? ’ Vernon asked HarryHarry nodded immediately:    Of course.
   
   Is he famous over there—you know where I'm talking about?
    Vernon asked again.Harry recalled the scene where Lockhart was 
   asking questions
    surrounded by a group of girls, and answered him without thinking:    Very famous.
   
   Rich?
    There was a hint of greed in Dursley's expression.Despite the revulsion welling up inside Harry, he told the truth.
   Yes, very rich.
   None of the furnishings in Lockhart's office seemed cheap, and the headmaster's office was probably the only place Harry had ever seen a richer collection than that.
   Great.
    Vernon Dursley was satisfied, 
   He said he would buy a large number of construction drilling rigs and hydraulic exploration drilling rigs for his oil company, and here is my chance
   Oil company?
   Harry thought he heard it wrong, because he had been in the wizarding world for more than two years, and he had never heard of wizards needing oil.Vernon misunderstood Harry's meaning:    Yeah, you guys definitely can't produce such a high-tech thing, I can set a price at will... Boy, write a letter quickly, and use 
   your way
    to reply to that Lomatt, Let's just say we welcome him at any time. 
   Harry felt that he should secretly remind Lockhart in the letter anyway, in case he was really tricked by his uncle.Chapter 150 Two Did You Misunderstand SomethingAfter receiving the letter from Harry's owl, Lockhart couldn't help but glance at the date on the reply letter, and he was relieved when he found that there was no delay.As one of the former civil servants, he was really not at ease with the British postal system.In order to send this small pipe, Lockhart deliberately chose express mail that required a signature, and requested that it be delivered before 9:17 on Saturday morning. For this reason, he added 3 pounds to the [-] pounds.I hope that after paying such a high price, the postman can do his best.Vernon Dursley was a man with a lot of vanity, and he wasn't very angry when the wizards accused him of being inhuman, but he had quite a problem with them calling him    Harry Potter's relative
   .For this kind of person, he allows you to be hostile to him, but he can't stand you ignoring him, and he can't tolerate others treating themselves as another person's pendant.Therefore, Lockhart's trip must be to 
   visit Mr. Dursley
   , 
   by the way
    to help Harry Potter make up his get out of class, and warn him to be careful, because a notorious murderer is looking for him.Of course, Lockhart was not worried at all that Harry would be killed by Sirius, but he had to bring this word.As Lockhart had guessed, Vernon Dursley, with all the bourgeois beaming, considered himself honored to have received him at home.In the project that Lockhart cooperated with Gringotts and the pure-blood wizards, the engineering project has actually been roughly determined, and the drilling rig is only used as construction equipment, and the performance parameters are determined by the engineering design institute.As for which brand of equipment to order, it is actually determined by the owner, the design institute, the construction party, and the technical personnel of the equipment manufacturer. After giving reference opinions, the final decision will be made by the owner who pays.Lockhart, as the 
   business representative
    and 
   technical director
    recommended by the pure-blood family and Gringotts, actually only has the right to make the final decision. If the equipment of Dursley's company cannot meet the needs of the construction party and the design party The technical indicators, Lockhart can only say sorry.So, Harry Potter's worries don't actually exist.But Dursley seems to regard Lockhart as a 
   babe
   . Although he is polite and enthusiastic on the face, he seems to hope that Lockhart will sign an intention contract with him immediately, which is really not to him. I can see it.Lockhart had to interrupt Dursley's rant:   ...Sorry to interrupt, you have already emphasized to me for the third time that your company is 
   reliable
   . If it does have relevant qualifications, then it should have been registered with Ai Ming Company long ago. 
   Vernon Dursley couldn't help blurting out a familiar term when he heard it.
   Amec-PLC? Is there a company called Aiming in your area?
   Lockhart looked at him amusedly:    Of course not, I'm talking about the Aiming company—British Aiming (a world-renowned engineering construction company and the second largest oil and gas engineering group)
   Dursley gasped:    You actually entrusted Ai Ming with the project?
   
   Yes, after all, there are not many companies with relevant overseas construction experience, especially in the UK, we can rest assured.
   Looking at Dursley's dumbfounded expression, Lockhart felt a little amused. It seemed that this person really regarded himself as someone who didn't understand anything.Dursley was stunned for a while before he remembered that he should make amends.
   Uh, what I mean is, I thought you would, like...the legend, a castle rises from the ground with a wave of your hand...
    He danced and gestured in the air.
   If that's the case, why do we buy drilling rigs?
    Lockhart asked rhetorically.
   Oh, yes, I'm confused, hahaha...
   To hide his embarrassment, Dursley laughed exaggeratedly, but he didn't need anyone to remind him how fake he was.Although he didn't know why after Lockhart said the name of the company, most of his uncle's anger disappeared, but Harry could instinctively detect that Lockhart had taken advantage of the confrontation just now.It seemed that he was worrying for nothing, and Harry breathed a sigh of relief.Dursley is now a little frowning: as the so-called customers bully the store, with a design institute and a petroleum engineering group like Aiming's company in charge, it is almost impossible for him to sell the equipment at a premium. Some    doorways
    that can be deducted - such as bearings, gears, seals and other spare parts, I have no way to cheat. Generally speaking, the commission I can get will be much less because of this.But on the bright side, at least customers of this level will not maliciously default on the payment, and their reputation is also guaranteed. If the volume is large enough, they can still make money.
   How many rigs are you going to buy?
    he finally asked for details.
   According to the preliminary plan given by the design institute, about 16 drilling rigs of various types may be needed, and two super-large oil drilling rigs are required. These two drilling rigs cannot be entrusted to you, but you should have relevant information on the rest. The qualifications are right.
   While talking, he took out a list of equipment given to him by the design institute.Dursley brought it over, and took out the glasses from his jacket pocket,Take a closer look at the above parameters.What Lockhart said is indeed true, professional oil drilling equipment cannot be produced with the qualifications of his company, but the rest can be contended for.However, if there is no premium for these 14 drilling rigs, the final price is estimated to be hundreds of thousands of pounds, and the commission he can get will not be too much, only tens of thousands of pounds, which may be enough to buy another Privet A house like No. [-] Road.Although this is not a small amount, it is much worse than what Vernon expected at the beginning.If he wants to move to West London and live the life of the 
   upper middle class
    there, or the 
   life of the Piggy Page family
    as British Prime Minister Johnson later said, then this amount of money is still not enough.小猪佩奇一家在伦敦西区的房子，如果放到2021年的话，大概市值400万英镑，而英国伦敦的房地产价格从1990年到2020年的30年中大约翻了7倍的价格。In other words, the house that Dursley was eager to buy would cost about 60 pounds, which was probably far beyond what he could afford.In addition, those 
   senior middle-class families
    spend more than 600 pounds a month on food and clothing, and the tuition fees of private middle schools for 6 years total more than 15 pounds. Learning violin or piano costs [-] to [-] pounds a year. The dresses he wore were not cheap, and the cost of traveling abroad every year was not a small figure. Putting it all together, Dursley definitely couldn't afford it.Therefore, the 
   life of Peppa Pig's family
    mentioned by Johnson is probably to the British, just like the life of Xia Donghai's family in 
   Family with Children
    is to the Chinese. It belongs to a standard middle-class dream. There are not many people who can achieve their dreams.Just when Dursley was a little discouraged, Lockhart added another sentence.
   This is only the first phase of the project. When the oil is successfully extracted, it will be listed in the futures market.
   After hedging on the field, we will continue to build the second and third phases. At that time, in order to avoid trouble, we will probably directly use the same plan as the first phase... You know, we hate trouble, and we hate too much trouble. Deal with people here frequently. When Dursley heard this, hope was rekindled in his eyes.
   Of course, you will make a lot of money!
    He stood up and shook hands with Lockhart, 
   We will definitely supervise the gang of slackers in the factory
    even if it means working overtime and whipping them , we will also let them produce the best quality products for you. If anyone dares to make a scene with the trade union, we will hang him! 
   
   That's not necessary, just deliver on time.
   Lockhart withdrew his hand, put it in his pocket, wiped vigorously on the handkerchief inside, and then turned to Harry Potter.
   Then, it's time for us to talk about our affairs... Sorry, Mr. Dursley, Mr. Potter needs to make up lessons now...
   Chapter 150 The Failure of Subjective Consciousness DecisionHearing the word 
   remedial lessons
   , Harry was shocked immediately, and then quickly turned to Dudley Dursley who was listening, hoping that he didn't hear anything.It's a pity that it was too late, his cousin's expression became extremely exciting as if he had heard some strange news.
   Remedial lessons?
    Dudley yelled. 
   Listen, Mom, Harry needs remedial lessons! I don't even need remedial lessons!
   Also couldn't help but Vernon Dursley, and Harry's aunt Petunia
   It seems that we, as elders, are right not to ask about Harry's final exam results, so as to avoid damage to the child's self-esteem.
    Vernon said mockingly.Harry closed his eyes in pain - he couldn't really look up now.Realizing that he had made a mistake, Lockhart hurriedly tried to make amends.
   The main reason is that Harry is relatively talented in Defense Against the Dark Arts, so we need to strengthen some content that will not be easily learned in class...
   
   We understand, Professor.
    Dudley grinned. 
   We will never laugh at him.
   But Harry didn't want to say anything, because from the look on Dudley's face, he felt that Dudley would talk about it until he was 80 years old.Because he couldn't cast spells publicly in front of Muggles, Lockhart drove Harry to his house temporarily, and asked Dobby to take care of the savior.Dobby happily accepted the task, and Harry also felt that his hard work was not in vain after seeing Dobby in a decent pocket butler outfit.After Dobby brought snacks and drinks, also in the basement, LockhartOfficially began to make up lessons for Harry.
   You can eat some chocolate first to let the dopamine brought by the sugar and caffeine ferment.
    Lockhart reminded, 
   Because this class is definitely not a happy experience for the client.
   Harry nervously took two pieces of Belgian conch chocolate and ate them obediently.Not to mention, it tastes good, it reminds Harry of Hogwarts clubs, and they don't give themselves candy at Uncle's house.
   Okay, let's get down to business. The so-called Occlumency, to put it bluntly, is to allow you to face dark wizards who use 
   Legiliency
    to spy on your thoughts, or use 
   Evil Possession
    to try to control you. Find ways to be defensive, or to only express what you want the other person to know.
   
   Legiliency? Mind reading?
    Harry asked sensitively.
   Strictly speaking no, Legilimency can read people's 'memory', 'feeling' and 
   momentary thoughts
   : but stomach flexion,    values
    and 
   thoughts
    can't... oh, me
    I see you're confused...
   Harry smiled awkwardly, he really didn't understand.
   It doesn't matter, different types of students have to be taught in different ways, this is the responsibility of the teacher, not the student... If this confuses you, you might as well interpret it roughly as 
   mind reading
    first, and then take it slowly understand. 
   Lockhart relieved
   In other words, this class is to prevent my memory from being snooped by dark wizards.
    Harry concluded.
   You could say that.
    Lockhart nodded.The biggest difficulty in teaching Occlumency to the Savior was not the specific technical details, but that Harry himself had to take the initiative to accept Occlumency and reduce his aversion to the course, and his own willingness was the most critical.Harry in the fifth grade couldn't learn this, probably more because the teacher was Snape.Moreover, after resonating with Voldemort's thoughts and emotions through the soul many times, and saving several people, Harry himself actually refused to close his brain, which made Snape's work more difficult.As for Professor Snape's Occlumency, the biggest requirement is to avoid emotional infiltration and allow rational thinking to wander in all parts of the brain, which is really too difficult for Gryffindor.On the other hand, Draco Malfoy, he learned Occlumency in an instant. It can be seen that the noble upbringing made him understand this aspect instinctively.But anyway, Snape had taught Harry the theory of closed minds, and had prompted him to resist twice.And Harry didn't really learn to close his brain until he was an adult, running around against Voldemort.So, with Gryffindors, you can't do the same with Ravenclaws and Slytherins.When Lockhart himself was studying Occlumency, he found that he was quite handy with it, because not only had he already learned how to hide emotions, but he even learned how to simulate 
   angry
   , 
   sad
   , and 
   happy
    It's easy to do, and it's no more difficult than speaking in public.Maybe this is called Chengfu (double-faced faction).After hearing Lockhart's words, Harry felt a little at a loss:    But, sir.oo I don't understand, this kind of spying is...
   
   Oh, I almost forgot, I should first demonstrate to you what the so-called spying is all about... Are you ready?
   
   Ready for what?
    Harry asked nervously.
   I'm going to enter your memory...Of course, the dark wizard won't be so polite to you, and I have to make a notice before doing it—Legiliency!
   Before dinner, harry potter was dazed back at number four privet driveTruth be told, being prying into someone's brain is never a comfortable thing, and neither is Harry.With Lockhart's 
   help
   , he recalled many things he didn't want to think about, such as being bullied by Dudley, being chased by a dog to climb up a stool, and——There is also the man's roar, the woman's pleading, and the last fierce green lightHarry, who was spied on for the first time, was almost helpless, and this was also discovered by Lockhart.Especially when he was shown the memories of his parents when he was a child, not only did Harry not try to close his brain, he even expressed the idea of ​​wanting to watch it for a while, which made him completely powerless.
   
   
Chapter 72   
   
   And Lockhart also 
   saw
    some interesting things - for example, Harry Potter's first broomstick was not the Nimbus 2000, but a toy broomstick that he had been riding on since he was a baby, the Nimbus 2000 should be his second.It seems necessary to tell Zenstudi that the question about the model of Harry Potter's first broom in History of Magic class was obviously wrong.If Lockhart has read the letter written by the Potters to Sirius, he will know that Harry Potter has been flying around the house on a toy broom as early as infancy, rampaging, and he is not to blame I felt so familiar with the broom from my first flying lesson.With such a great talent, let's go play and be an Auror.Before leaving, Lockhart tactfully criticized Harry:    This is not okay, you have to learn to resist.
   Although Harry agreed, he could see from Harry's expression that Harry was still at a loss, as if he didn't know whether he should resist.Looks like we need to tell Dumbledore about this.Chapter 150 Four training methods suitable for GryffindorAnyway, after two short lessons, Lockhart was able to confirm that it was absolutely impossible for the Lord Savior to learn Occlumency through the 
   traditional method
   .Want a Gryffindor to think rationally and isolate himself from all emotions?Be a two-faced person who can't show emotions?What a joke.Although Harry is the child of James and Lily, his personality may be more inclined to Sirius, full of emotions, daring to fight, or can be summed up in a derogatory sense of 
   reckless
   .With the growth of experience, you will know that you can't ask everyone in this world to be the same as you. Some people are always good at calculating, some are irritable and irritable, and some people are so paralyzed that they remain the same when sparks hit the earth. It's as if you can't speak without body language... Different people have to deal with it in different ways.Dumbledore's reply arrived promptly and, as always, was very old bee-
   I believe that just this small situation is not enough to overwhelm your ingenuity, Gilderoy, and those who want to solve the problem of popular support in the entire wizarding world cannot be stumped by the waywardness of a little wizard.
   |] Miao's, I don't know why, it ignited.then--
   For Occlumency, the current mainstream theory is to abandon all emotions and use cold rational thinking to resist the enemy's intrusion, but I think this theory may not be suitable for you Gryffindors.
    Lockhart told Harry so.
   So?
   
   So my personal thought is that we might as well do the opposite, where the enemyInstead of blocking your emotions when trying to pry into your mind, you shouldLet the heart be filled with it.And this kind of emotion can not only make snoopers feel uncomfortable, but also make your rational thinking more active-I think this method may be more suitable for your emotional and intense Gryffindors. 
   If I remember correctly, in the original book, Harry was also burying Dobby in great grief. With the previous practice, he learned to close his brain naturally, and Harry learned the Patronus Charm that needs to be filled with happiness in 13 age.It can be seen that using emotional filling is the right way for Gryffindor.In fact, the way to avoid Legilimency is really like dealing with a lie detector. A habitual liar can actually deal with a lie detector after training.Either be very calm, no matter how the interrogator asks you, you can remain unmoved, usually only long-term habitual offenders and trained agents can do this;Either let yourself be in the process of interrogation, let the lie detector fluctuate constantly,Throughout the whole process, he maintained a more intense reaction to cover up the lie.Lockhart decided to teach Harry the second.
   Although it is not good to do so,but please recall your parents diedthe way before,Can you feel sad0Lockhart tried to induce him.曰疋Harry nodded numbly.When he was in the first grade, he had seen his parents in front of the Mirror of Erised, and the mirror also decided that this was the scene he longed for most in his heart.Now, Lockhart's Legilimency brought him back to that time - a complex feeling of longing mixed with great sadness, which because of his age, he hadn't been able to Get it all.After all, he is still half a month away from turning 13.But there is no way, sometimes in order to hurry, even if it is still a green fruit,It also needs to be artificially ripened.
   Very well, then, please remember that feeling, let yourself immerse yourself in that sad and longing emotion, and tell yourself that you must stay awake to continue to keep this memory intact-because next, I You can use -forget all empty' at any time to make you forget this memory.
    Lockhart said with a straight face.Harry was taken aback. 
   Are you kidding me? Forget it?
   Damn, if you can't resist my Legilimency, then I have no choice but to make you forget about that memory of your parents, because you'll probably spend the next year with dementors ...
   
   What's a dementor?
    Harry asked confused.
   You'll soon learn that it sucks the joy out of you and brings back your worst fears from the back of your mind. If you can't shut down your brain, you're bound to go insane surrounded by dementors.
   
   But why did that thing called 
   Dementor
    come to Hogwarts? ' Harry wondered even more.Lockhart pretended to be surprised:    You don't know? It seems that you rarely read newspapers—here, this is it. Sirius Black escaped from prison. He probably came to kill you.
   Harry patted his forehead:    Well, thank you for telling me this, it's really good news, second only to Aunt Maggie's coming to Privet Drive in half a month... I got enough good news this summer vacation of.
   Lockhart pretended that he didn't know who Aunt Marge was:    ...So, I have to let you completely forget about it—I don't know if Hermione has told you that I am best at memory and spiritual magic.
   Damn, she said. Harry tried a little harder, 
   But, I feel—
   
   I don't want to put too much pressure on you, but I have no choice.
    Lockhart decided to be unselfish, 
   After half a month, if you still haven't mastered the bigOcclumency, then I have no choice but to do what I say.This is to keep you from going mad, and Dumbledore would agree with me. 
   Harry Potter immediately fell into the greatest crisis in history: if he could not learn Occlumency in half a month, then he would most likely be erased by Lockhart.Although displeased with Lockhart's threats, Harry was grateful that he had helped him call up his own baby memories.Truth be told, Harry felt a little envious, even if it was himself, of a little baby whizzing around on a toy broomstick being watched by its parents.Whatever Lockhart had said, he had to keep it because it was the only memory he had of his parents so far.Under Lockhart's guidance, Harry began to try to use grief to close his brain.As a result, he found that this trick was surprisingly effective—in a state of grief, he could not only eliminate a lot of distracting thoughts, but even make his mind clearer.Finally, on the second Saturday after the lecture began, Harry Potter finally completed a block on Lockhart - Lockhart happened to see Harry in training, sitting on the broom, staring at On the other half, Ravenclaw's Qiu Zhang was in a daze...Poor baby, he already has a master.F...Although a huge sense of shame can be regarded as a kind of emotion, but this kind of emotion will make people feel ashamed, and then the idea of ​​wanting to escape will emerge, so it is the same as anger, it is not suitable for Occlumency, I I suggest you use grief...    Lockhart said to Harry.When he finds out that Cho Chang is already Cedric's girlfriend, maybe this memory will turn into grief.Chapter 150 The Shadow Behind the Wanted CriminalBy the end of July, Harry had gradually become proficient at Occlumency.Although he would still accidentally let Lockhart enter his mind too deeply, but he was no longer that kind of defenseless, and occasionally he could regain consciousness and isolate Lockhart from the outside.Lockhart expressed his satisfaction with his progress - he didn't expect Harry to halfYou can practice in a month.
   Usually remember to practice more, for example, when Dursley nags you, you can use Occlumency, and when they say something to you that will make you fly into a rage, you will still be able to When you stay calm and turn a deaf ear, you're off,
    Lockhart said.
   Thank you.
    Harry's nervousness was still visible to the naked eye, 
   Then, can my memory .oo...
   Lockhart smiled.
   Actually, I forgot to tell you that there is a law promulgated by the Ministry of Magic that expressly prohibits a wizard from erasing or modifying another wizard's memory if the person refuses or does not know it, even for Muggles, Only amnestics are eligible.
   
   So, you're scaring me?
    Harry finally understood.
   If you're going to the Wizengamot to sue me for intimidation, then I really can't get away with it.
    Lockhart made a grimace.Harry shook his head and smiled, 
   Absolutely not.
   After the topic was relaxed, the two casually chatted about other things, and at this time Harry asked what he had always wanted to ask—who is Sirius Black and why?What to hunt and kill yourself.He watched the news in the past few days, and found that even the news on the Muggle side had broadcast this matter. Black's arrest warrant was not only on the Daily Prophet, but even on 
   The Times
    and 
   The Sun
   . And all readers are told that Blake has a gun in his hand and is very arrogant.
   So, which version to believe?
    Harry asked, confused.Lockhart thought for a while, and decided to tell Harry the official 
   version
   , but at the same time, leave room to show his 
   foresight
    and 
   cautiousness
   
   The Muggle Prime Minister and our side do have communication channels, but they are usually unilateral, that is, we will inform him before he knows, and we usually don't do this if it's nothing serious.
   
   Blake was your father's friend back then. I don't know why he betrayed him. But I heard that he betrayed a group of people, including your parents, and killed Peter Pettigrew.
   
   But there is one thing that makes people feel strange—that is, during the interrogation, the Ministry of Magic discovered that all the Death Eaters said they did not know about Sirius Black, and that his younger brother, Regulus, was confirmed to be a Death Eater. S. Black also disappeared at some point.
   
   We had the opportunity to interrogate Black, but Mr. Crouch locked him in without a trial...Of course, I shouldn't speak ill of my current boss, but please understand that there were too many Death Eaters at the time, There were no trials for some heinous crimes and relatively clear charges.”Harry felt like his brain was going to explode, and he needed to slow down.And although Lockhart's lessons were fairly mild, it required the use of emotional energy to block the intrusion every time, which was a bit exhausting for Harry.
   Uh...that is, that Black betrayed my parents, and he nowReady to kill me, aren't you? ' Harry tried to understand.
   You can think so.
    Lockhart nodded.Harry had mixed emotions in his mind and didn't know how to think about it. Even if Lockhart didn't describe Black's 
   betrayal
    of his parents 
   graphically
   , he still felt angry.
   Then let him come,
    said Harry. 
   Let him see how many Hogwarts dueling champions are worth.
   Lockhart decided not to comment.If Sirius really met Harry, I'm afraid Sirius would not resist, but on the premise that he didn't have a wand in his hand, Harry might really be able to subdue him.Seeing that Harry was already a little dizzy, Lockhart didn't say any more, and he had to wait for him to discover the rest slowly, and he didn't intend to 
   spoiler
   .Anyway, in Harry's third year, the most eye-catching magic item is without a doubt the Time-Turner.It should be said that even in the seven parts of 
   HP
   , the time converter is the most magical object, not one of them, because it allows people to travel back in time.Although it can be seen from the fact that Hermione missed the lesson of the happy spell in the charm class, her time car special changer can't help her span too long time, maybe only a few hours, otherwise she will find out that she missed that lesson time, you should go back to the past and start againIt is precisely because its ability is so imbec that even Master Rowling realized something was wrong, so she activated the big prophecy and destroyed them all in the battle of the Department of Mysteries, so that she didn't have to think about how to make up for the damage caused by this object. There are all kinds of things that can't be justified.Lockhart was very worried that if he 
   spoiled
    some content prematurely, things would develop in the direction that was most beneficial to Dumbledore.If it is said that in 
   Sorcerer's Stone
   , the test of the savior begins when Hagrid takes him out of the magic stone.The time of the magic stone has already begun.Then in 
   The Chamber of Secrets
   , Dumbledore's decision to use the Basilisk to test the Savior should be a temporary idea, not a long-term preparation.He should have decided to make the most of the situation after he found out that Harry was a Parseltongue and took him to the office, and obtained the small plan of the trio through Legilimency.But in 
   Prisoner of Azkaban
   , the whole thing was not within Dumbledore's expectation from the beginning to the end. If he hadn't discovered Peter Pettigrew through various evidences and the memories of the parties involved, I'm afraid he wouldn't have believed it. Black is really innocent and instructs Hermione to use the time-car switch to save someone.It was a bit late for him to know. It can be said that it was from Harry's third year that the situation began to gradually out of Dumbledore's control.Lockhart had reason to suspect that Dumbledore originally planned to capture Peter Pettigrew, but changed his mind after hearing Trelawney's true prophecy.If Pettigrew hadn't gone to Voldemort, Voldemort would have delayed his resurrection, and he wouldn't have wanted to insist on using Harry's blood.If he doesn't use Harry's blood to complete the resurrection, then Harry will pay a higher price if he wants to destroy the soul fragments on his body... These are all chain reactions.Lockhart decided to treat himself as a bystander in this matter. On the one hand, it was because the matter was too important for him to intervene; His current boss, not FudgeLockhart finally found out the temperament and temperament of his current boss, and this boss is also very supportive of him turning the 
   wasteful
    Triwizard Tournament into a money-making competition. The situation is already better than imagined The ones in are much better.He doesn't have any political achievements now, and he will have to wait two or three years until the 
   meeting economy
    takes effect. He has no way to take over the position at present, and it is of no benefit to Lockhart to rashly change to a new boss at this time.So not only can he not add insult to injury, but he has to find ways to help his boss cover upOtherwise, if Blake's reputation is restored because of the butterfly effect, then Barty Crouch may be forced to step down.Of course, Peter Pettigrew should be caught or should be caught. Anyway, if Voldemort wants to be resurrected, there are many ways.At this time, the attitude of the savior is very important.
   Here you are, Harry, happy birthday!
   When leaving, Lockhart not only stuffed Harry with a lot of his favorite fruit pies in syrup, but also gave him a birthday present one day in advance—because Aunt Maggie was coming on his birthday, Harry couldn't come out.
   Ah, thank you, sir.
    Harry didn't expect to receive a gift.He took the gift and found that it was quite heavy.As a courtesy, Harry opened it on the spot and found that it was a bulging dress.
   This is…
   
   This is the broomstick-specific protective clothing that the Wieseac brothers are going to launch next year. It can prevent many small curses, keep heat and rain, and help users resist the load during high-speed turns.
    Lockhart explained.Harry picked it up, looked at it several times, and noticed something.
   
   
Chapter 73   
   
   
   This... seems like I saw it on TV...
   
   Yes, it is the anti-load suit of Muggle fighter pilots. We used it to modify it.
    Lockhart winked at him, 
   Although I don't want to admit it, Muggles are indeed far behind in this small invention. To stay ahead of wizards, we can't rest on our laurelsTy, you are right. 
   Harry can't get enough of this suitDue to various accidents, Gryffindor has not been able to get the College Quidditch in the past two years.The winner of the Odd Cup, this year Oliver Wood will definitely be tough and let everyone step up training.Whenever he thinks back to the scene where everyone trained in the rainstorm last year, Harry feels a little cold. If he can have a set of equipment that can make him feel less cold, it will be a boon to him.
   Thank you, you are also the first person to give me a birthday present this year.
    He said thanks sincerely.With just a cursory look, he found that the suit perfectly suited his current figure, which was obviously the result of Lockhart's careful attention.And because of Dudley's diet plan, Harry had to follow at number four Privet Drive - curse 
   salty fat
   , and if it wasn't for a good lunch at Lockhart's, he felt that he would die of Malnutrition.
   Maybe it's just because we're closer.
    Lockhart reminded him that Ur friends needed owls, they wouldn't leave you hungry. 
   
   I believe so.
    Harry finally felt a little happier.Chapter 150 Six ShelterBefore Harry left, Lockhart asked Dobby to get Harry some more treacle tarts, as they were one of the few things he found Harry liked.Dobby fulfilled his order so faithfully that Harry's pockets were so full that Harry didn't have to worry about running out of food for the next few days.In Lockhart's car, Harry couldn't help looking out the window—could the wanted criminal who came to kill him hide in his only way?Seeing him looking out, Lockhart knew that the boy had started to worry unnecessarily—not to mention that his mother's protective magic was still there, even if the magic was gone, Black would not want to hurt him.So he thought of a way to distract him.
   Our course is over today, and you can review it by yourself in the next period of time—but I have to remind you that when you arrive at Hogwarts, the person who takes over Occlumency will become Professor Snape, If you don’t want to make up lessons for too long, then it’s best not to forget to review during this time.”Sure enough, Harry was taken aback by this new news.
   Snape? Why him?
   
   It's Professor Snape, Harry.
    Lockhart corrected, 
   Although I am quite confident in spiritual magic, compared with Professor Snape, I can only say that I have more dexterity and less strength. Will take over your next study.
   
   I've already learned it!
    Harry argued hastily, 
   You're teaching very well, but... uh, you've already achieved a lot, haven't you?
   
   That has to be checked by Professor Snape, and he will report to Dumbledore in this way.
    Lockhart continued to drive without turning his head.
   Then it's over, he will definitely let me pass.
    Harry was a little desperate, 
   He will use this opportunity to do everything possible to make things difficult for me.
   
   It's impossible, why did he make things difficult for you?
   
   Who knows, maybe it's because I look so much like my father, he's been making things difficult for me from the first day.
    Harry recalled his first Potions class, 
   he had Asked me a lot of advanced questions, and I hadn't even turned over the textbook at the time, and Hermione told me later that those questions were all about the content of the third grade, and if she hadn't read it in advance, she wouldn't know the answer .”
   You still remember what he asked you, which means he thinks you can remember,
    Lockhart smoothed things over, 
   and doesn't Hermione remember?
   
   Yeah, what daffodil root powder, absinthe infusion, bezoar, what aconitum... Probably only she can remember what it is.
    Harry repeated the question Snape asked him at the beginning, To show his deep hatred.Lockhart was silent for a moment, then slowly opened his mouth.
   I think you'd better remember these three questions from Professor Bassnape forever, Mr. Potter, and think about what he means when you have time later.
   Harry doesn't know why, and he doesn't know why Lockhart has been calling himself 
   Harry
    recently, but now he suddenly calls himself 
   Mr. Potter
   Only Lockhart knew why he suddenly became serious-because 
   narcissus (actually a lily)
    represents Lily (lily), another meaning of absinthe wrmwd is 
   deep regret
   , and the synthetic The potion 
   Living Hell Potion-Living Death
    is 
   life is worse than death
   . This Living Hell Potion was the potion that Snape and Lily were best at back then.Two kinds of the same aconitum, but because they are in different environments, they become boat-shaped aconitesTwo kinds of aconitum and chamaemaThis is implying that both myself and Lily act asThe childhood sweethearts of the same origin, but in the end they went on different paths.Although the fecal bezar looks uninteresting, it is also useful when the be is removed.
   To make
    means, zar is 
   refuge
    and the place where the coprolith is located is 
   goat's stomach
   , and 
   goat
    became a symbol of the devil after the 9th century AD.So this sentence is also likely to say that Harry Potter should come to Slytherin if he wants to seek refuge after his mother dies.So, on the surface, Snape was making things difficult for Harry in the first class, but in fact he was expressing his repentance to Harry and his memory of his mother in this way, and in the end he said that he should come to Slytherin, That way I can cover him well.It's a pity that not only Harry at the time couldn't understand such a subtle hint, but even many adults couldn't understand it, so that many fanfiction are still writing the scene where Snape asks other people these three questions—he She wouldn't use these three questions to ask others, Hermione could prove it with her hand that was raised high but no one answered it for a long time.Mixed with a bit of helplessness of 
   as expected of James, you're so stupid
   , Snape could only yell at Harry 
   Why don't you write it down
   , hoping that he can slowly figure it out in the future (English yu is not singular or plural).Harry was a little confused, but he still had his first-year potion notes, although he didn't mind thinking about the meaning of it later when he had time, but—he was also very busy.After sending Harry Potter back to No. 4, Privet Drive, Lockhart was lazy, shrunk the car and put it in his pocket, and then returned to his home after disembarking.Then he began to write to Dumbledore, reporting to him the success of this period of time.
   Although he wasn't sure how brutal Legilimency Harry could stand, at least he had a success rate now, and it was before his thirteenth birthday.When his age and magical power continue to grow, I believe he will be able to fully learn Occlumency soon.After writing the letter, he was just about to owl, but then found that he was cleaningDobby in the house temporarily changed his mind and asked him to apparate to Hogwarts to deliverletter.Lockhart is getting lazyThe birthday presents of Hermione, Hagrid and the Weasley family were delivered before Harry woke up that morning. Among them, Hermione’s gift was from Hedwig, and the Weasley family’s gift was the old owl Errol. delivered.It has to be said that the owls in the wizarding world are still too clever. Even though Harry's move from No. [-] Privet Drive to the South End of London was an unexpected event, they still found Harry's location easily, and To get his reply, even Errol.According to the people from the Experimental Spells Committee, Lockhart said that the tracking spells in the wizarding world were actually obtained after observing owls. The tracking ability alone is really not a bragging rights.It is rumored that the pet of Athena, the goddess of war and wisdom, was an owl, and it seems that this is not without foundation.In the Yin and Shang Dynasties of China, 
   Xuanniao
    was worshiped, and a unique bronze Huzun was also unearthed from the tomb of Fu Hao, the 
   Empress of the General
    as a funeral object.It is also an interesting coincidence that the early civilizations of the East and the West regarded the owl as a symbol of wisdom + war + women.It seems that if a wizard wants to hide his whereabouts, the first step is to cast an anti owl tracking spell on himself, otherwise he will not be able to hide no matter how he hides.Hedwig brought Harry a set of broomstick maintenance tools, while Errol brought Harry a large bag of meatloaf, and Hagrid brought a copy of 
   The Book of Monsters
   . It took Harry a lot of effort to tie it up.After spending a happy morning, Harry had to bite the bullet and go downstairs to attend the reception banquet prepared for Aunt Maggie.In order to fight for the right to go to Hogsmeade in the third year, he must find a way to get Uncle Vernon's signature, which is simply impossible for Harry.Aunt Marge was very rich, but because no man could stand her bad temper, she never married, and of course she had no children.And Vernon Dursley has been trying to maintain an 
   extremely intimate relationship
    with her, and she does buy Dudley a lot of expensive gifts every year.Harry had reason to suspect that Vernon Dursley hoped that his son would inherit her inheritance in the future.It was easy for both parties to hold each other's pigtails, and they finally reached an agreement after a lot of wrangling.Vernon would sign the papers agreeing to go to Hogsmeade for him, at the expense of Harry being obedient and well-behaved when Aunt Marge came to visit.But Harry's efforts to control his behavior were getting nowhere.Although for various reasons, Harry's status at No. [-] Privet Drive has been greatly improved, but as an 
   outsider
    Aunt Maggie, she doesn't think Harry deserves any respect.Especially when she's in a bad mood.A few days ago, the neighbor Maggie had been secretly in love with, old Colonel Fabster, sent back the dog who had been helping her.After she found that the dog was well cared for and its fur was smooth, she decided that Colonel Farbster was also interested in her, so she invited him to watch a movie together.But the other party refused—because he felt that he couldn't stand Maggie Dursley's temper.After pursuing her neighbor again but failed, Maggie came to her younger brother's house full of grievances, and took advantage of her drunkenness to vent all her grievances on Harry Potter.Although Harry was well prepared, he still couldn't hold back his emotions when he heard Maggie insulting his parents as 
   liars and scum
   .In the case of extreme anger, although Harry could neither dodge the bullet nor punch through the 60cm steel plate, he still learned the silent + wandless inflatable spell without a teacherCasting a spell, he inflated his aunt and pinned her to the ceiling.Then he packed up all his things, and ran out of No. [-] Privet Drive without looking back.However, when he calmed down, he realized that he had nowhere else to go except here.He thought for a moment, then walked into a telephone booth by the side of the road and dropped a few pennies.
   Hello, Professor Lockhart? It's me... I'm embarrassed, but can I stay for a night. I'm going to live in the Leaky Cauldron tomorrow.
   Chapter 150 VII MovingAlthough apparating on the Muggle road was somewhat dangerous, Lockhart knew that no matter what he did now, he would be forgiven by the Ministry of Magic, as long as he could protect Harry Potter.So he simply used invisibility on himself and teleported to Privet Drive.Fortunately, he has been here many times before, so he can remember the surrounding terrainAlthough apparation is very convenient, it requires the wizard to recall the local terrain, landforms and scenery in as much detail as possible before moving, and concentrate on thinking about the place he wants to go, otherwise it is very easy to cause splits.So if the wizard wants to go to a place he has never been to, it is almost impossible to use Apparition unless he carefully watches dozens of local videotapes.In places where wizards specialize in apparating, there is usually no one to change the layout of the ren, in case the people who apparate come over are separated because the destination is different from what they expected.Therefore, wizards in cities that are undergoing major infrastructure construction generally don't like teleportation, because it is very likely that the local area was one month ago, and the local area will be another month later.A new overhaul of the road, a new overpass, or a few more base stations on the side of the road will lead to the split of the wizard's teleportation.Do you think it's just 
   impolite
    not to teleport to someone's house?No, it's also for your own sake.Relatively speaking, places with many old streets that have not changed for decades and the deserted wilderness are very suitable for apparation.However, terrain and landforms are usually beyond the control of wizards, so when the Ministry of Magic of various countries organizes large-scale transfer activities, they are more inclined to use specializedFor the door key, it will be safer for the people from the Ministry of Magic to confirm the situation on both sides before casting magic, and the door key will be destroyed and recycled after it is used up.After taking Harry back to his house, Lockhart asked the joyous Dobby to prepare another room for Harry, and Dobby couldn't wait to complete his orderFor this reason, Lockhart also specifically asked Dumbledore if it would be a problem for Harry not to live with his aunt for the next few days.Dumbledore said that the problem is not big, because Lily's magic only needs to ensure that Harry spends the last month of the year with his relatives.Although Harry ran away from the Dursleys' house on his birthday, he happened to have lived in the Dursleys' house for a full month by the time of his birthday on July 7, so the ancient magic had been 
   charged
   . Harry could go anywhere next.After getting Dumbledore's assurance, Lockhart left Harry at his home with confidence.But before that, he asked Harry to thank the Ministry of Magic, or rather apologize.
   Because of your relationship, the whole Ministry of Magic is extremely nervous, and there must be a special person to help you deal with the inflated aunt and appease the Dursleys. You have to express something to them,
    Lockhart told Harry said, 
   This can minimize their dislike for you, so that no one will help you when you have something to do in the future.
   Harry was a little embarrassed. Although he still thought that Aunt Marge had asked for it, it was also true that he was too impulsive, and it was a bit embarrassing to ask others to help him deal with that mess.He immediately made a promise:    I won't do this kind of thing again.
   
   That's not sure.
    Lockhart was noncommittal.Harry decided to skirt the subject:    So, what should I do.
   
   Write a thank-you letter, expressing that I have caused trouble for everyone because of impulsiveness, and thank the Ministry of Magic for its meticulous care and protection. Finally, I will go to the 
   Reversal of Incidents Team
    to help you thank those few colleagues, This will minimize the dislike of the Ministry of Magic staff towards you.Although I'm sure they don't ask for anything in return, but if you satisfy them, it is equivalent to a positive feedback, and someone will continue to help you next time. This is human nature. said Lockhart.No one likes to come out to wipe Potter's ass in the middle of the night, and the staff of the Ministry of Magic are the same, they have to come out to work overtime after dinner. If these colleagues have no complaints, Lockhart himself would not believe it.
   So what should I write in that letter? Explain why I'm blowing up my aunt?
    Harry was at a loss because it was the first time he had experienced such a thing.Lockhart waved his hands again and again:    No, no, first admit your mistakes, then thank you, and finally 
   casually
    explain the abuse the Dursleys have treated you, so that people can feel sympathy for you. 
   
   I don't need sympathy, and if I do it all over again, I will still brag about my aunt.
    Harry said sensitively.
   That's not 'sympathy', but 'empathy', well, it's all the same...
    Lockhart didn't care about this 
   qualitative
    question, 
   but you have to admit your mistakes first, and satisfy those people who 
   did a good thing' wish, and then they can patiently listen to your explanation... And I can teach you one thing, which is 
   taking responsibility sometimes doesn't have to mean taking consequences', remember this sentence.
   Harry felt as though he understood, but not fullyAnyway, writing a thank you letter to the Ministry of Magic...it's not that difficult.When Harry finished writing this half apology and half thank you letter with immature writing,, Lockhart took it over and looked at it, and found that there was nothing wrong with it, so he letHedwig was sent to the Ministry of Magic.Although the style of writing is indeed a bit childish, it seems like real feelings instead, and those small essays on a social platform with excellent writing style, every word and every sentence seem to be crying, and all the tricks hit people's pain points. Fake.When this work was done, Lockhart gave Harry directions to his own home.
   In the rest of the summer vacation, I will go to make up lessons for Colin Creevey. You can write to your friends and make an appointment to go shopping in Diagon Alley on a certain day, and I will take you there together. During this time You can stroll around here. This is the South London area. Although it is not as prosperous as the West London area, it is the Thames River when you go out, and there are no shortage of shops. If there is anything you need in life, you can buy it yourself, and I will give it to you. Leave £100 pocket money...
   
   I'll exchange it with Galleons.
    Harry didn't want to spend other people's money for no reason.In order to take care of his pride, Lockhart agreed to Harry's request and took away 15 Galleons from him.Seeing Harry's puzzled look, Lockhart had to explain to him:    The pound has depreciated recently, and one Galleon can be exchanged for more pounds. When you go to Gringotts, you can pay attention to the latest exchange rate table.
    , which is about 1:7 now.   
   
   
Chapter 74   
   
   
   I see.
    Harry didn't think too much about what this meant.Chapter 150: Winning Over ColleaguesAs an old civil servant for many years, Lockhart can be said to have guessed a lot about the psychology of his colleagues.Just like those policemen who are eager to help their neighbors, although they don't necessarily do things to get thanks, getting thanks is always a pleasant thing.So after receiving Harry's letter of thanks, the grievances of the staff of the Ministry of Magic for going out to the police in the middle of the night also dissipated a lot. There were even a few sympathetic aunts who said that the child lived with Muggles and could live so long It's not easy either.The human touch lost in this world due to lack of communication has been regained by himself - some - Lockhart feels extremely good about himself.It's a pity that the savior couldn't understand his painstaking efforts, and even cared more about his new semester's ball game and studies.One morning in early August, the savior held a belt in his hand and looked at the    Monster Book of Monsters
    in front of him sadly, not knowing what to do.Because today he had an appointment to meet Hermione and Ron in Diagon Alley, he had to look good.And his trousers were all Dudley's leftovers, so his waist was inevitably a bit fat, and he had to wear a belt to go out, but his belt was used to bind the monster book a few days ago.After checking it for a long time, Harry thought that the book had become quiet after finding that it was motionless.However, just as he took off the belt, the book suddenly became beastly and began to bite around.
   What to do with this thing?
    Harry asked Lockhart, confused.
   One book uses ten thousand bullets, and three books use thunderbolt explosion, freezing spell or witch bird. If you want to make more money, you can also throw a bottle of acromantula venom, but if you wantGet a few more bites. said Lockhart lightly.
   what?
   
   Just kidding, just stroke along the spine of the book.
   After packing up his things, Lockhart drove Harry to Colin Creevey's house, and picked up the kid who was about to enter the second grade this year.After seeing his idol Harry Potter, Colin seemed very active, and kept asking questions, which made Harry a little annoyed.Lockhart heard the conversation between the two, and he made a sound for Harry:   Colin, this year you have to work harder and practice your photography skills. There is a book here. Take the time to read it and try to make all the people in your photos like the background you took.
   While talking, Lockhart handed a 
   British Photographer's Photography Book
    to the back seat.If seen by the Muggle traffic police, Lockhart will definitely be fined 200 pounds for his 
   dangerous behavior
   .But this is actually irrelevant, because after accepting the spell cast by Arthur Weasley, the car 
   recorded
    the map of the entire London, so there will be no problem no matter how you drive it.
   Thank you, but why?
    Colin was indeed distracted.
   There will be a big move at Hogwarts next year. If you can take good photos at that time, I will help you sell them to foreign newspapers. As long as you sell them at a good price, it is estimated that your study and life in the next few years will be able to more generous.
   
   Really?
    Colin was overjoyed.Lockhart swore:    Of course.
   Wu Shi what activities? 
   Harry asked a little sensitively from the side.
   You can guess, anyway, Mr. Diggory, Mr. Davis, Miss Johnson, Mr. Pussy...these may all be selected for the event in the end.Participant.
   There are four colleges, and they are all members of dueling clubs, and they are all fifth or sixth graders...
    Harry immediately thought of the key point, 
   Do you want to hold an international dueling competition?
   
   No, guess again, but it is indeed related to the competition.
   Although Lockhart had promised in front of Barty Crouch a while ago that the Triwizard Tournament would never leak from his side, Lockhart put it behind him in a blink of an eye, and even Not to mention that he had no intention of keeping this secret at all.Don't look at him as if he didn't say anything, but if Harry asked Hermione for advice, she would probably be able to guess right away from 
   abroad
   , 
   seniors
   , and 
   school competition
   .To be honest, he wished that this event would be widely publicized earlier, let alone kept secret.
   Then I won't guess, it must have nothing to do with me anyway.
    Harry lost interest, 
   I can concentrate on playing Quidditch now.
   
   You really feel unfulfilling like this.
    Lockhart said half-truthfully.In Diagon Alley, Harry finally met his friends who had been away for most of the summer vacation.Hermione and Ron were very happy after seeing Harry, and after seeing the person behind him, Ron's expression was very hungry, and Hermione opened his mouth even more
   Why is Professor Lockhart here?
    she asked Harry in a low voice.Although he was very embarrassed, Harry still told his two little friends about his summer vacation, even about blowing up his aunt.Ron already knew about this from his father, so he wasn't surprised, but Hermione shook her head again and again, with a kind of 
   I won't look at you for a while, youWe just let the old lady do nothing
    means in itHermione's eyes were filled with 'jealousy' when Harry spoke of him now living at the Lockharts'
   It's always like this!
    She murmured softly, 
   When you should be punished, you are rewarded. Is this the treatment of the savior?
   Seeing that the Iron Triangle had gathered together again, Lockhart stopped looking at Harry, but let them go to withdraw money and buy things by themselves.He was not at all worried that the Ministry of Magic would accuse him of not doing his duty, because he had already seen 
   acquaintances
    in several positions in Diagon Alley, such as Auror Lux Williamson, Prout, and even the 
   second person
    in Auror's office , Scrimgeour's right-hand man, Robards, was sitting in the soda shop, pretending to be reading a newspaper, while using clairvoyant spells to coldly scan the passing people.It appears that the Ministry of Magic takes the personal safety of the Savior very seriously.He sat down opposite Gawain Robards and greeted him skillfully.
   Hi Gawain! How are you doing?
   The wizard with the same name as Gawain, the knight of the round table, put down the newspaper in his hand in dissatisfaction, and said in a slightly annoyed tone, 
   Gidero, you should pretend that you don't know me!
   
   Okay, no one will sit in front of this cold drink shop for hours at a time... You see, the ice cubes in your glass have melted.
    Lockhart laughed, 
   Don't worry, there is absolutely no way Black will show up here. 
   
   That's not necessarily the case, he killed half of the people in the street.
    Robards pouted, 
   You haven't participated in the last war, the audacity of the Death Eaters cannot be deduced by common sense, if he wants to ambush Savior, then Diagon Alley is definitely a good place, because all the little wizards will come here to buy things.
   Lockhart subconsciously glanced at Ron - the little dog on his shoulder.The mouse has lost several pieces of hair.
   I think that Black's goal may not be the savior.
    Lockhart said suddenly, 
   Potter is already 13 years old. If he wants to do it, he has had a lot of opportunities in the past 13 years. It doesn't make sense to decide to do it now. .”Robards froze for a moment:    Maybe Black didn't know about it in the past, maybe Potter was too well protected in the past...
   But halfway through the conversation, he got stuck first.Because some of it doesn't make sense: Sirius Black went after Voldemort to kill Peter Pettigrew, and then he was arrested by Auror obediently, which shows that he still has the power of action.And Harry Potter has been in an undefended state almost all the time during the 9 and 3/4 years he was taken care of by Muggles (Robards didn't know that his neighbor, Mrs. Figg, was a pawn placed by Dumbledore), if Black really If you want to escape and wait for an opportunity to kill Harry Potter, it is actually very easy to succeed.Thinking of this, Robards stopped talking.Fortunately, Lockhart was not prepared to delve into this issue with him now.   How's Rufus doing?
    he changed the subject.
   Him? Well, I'm just very upset that you chose Barty Crouch. Be careful when you meet him again.
   Lockhart immediately called out to Tianqu:    What does it have to do with me? My whereabouts are decided by Fudge... But let me say sorry to Rufus.
   
   I thought you came to talk to me just to talk about this, but now it doesn't seem to be... Well, let's make a long story short, I will have to check the code with my colleagues in a few minutes.
    Robards gave the order to evict the guest.So long story short...how much contact do you have with wizards over there in Africa? asked Lockhart.Robards raised his head vigilantly:    Why are you asking this?
   Nothing, I just want to ask you if you are interested in taking a stake in the oil business over there... Don't tell me you don't know about it.
   Robards' face twitched:    How could it be possible that you don't know, you bastards spread it all over the place... What, it's our idea? We don't have much money.
   Lockhart smiled.
   I know, but don't you still have people? It's okay to send out people.
    Lockhart gestured enthusiastically:    Nigeria is a very messy place, and Africa is full of 
   black
    wizards, I remember them Almost all of them are Animagus, and they can cast spells without a staff...Although we can solve the Muggle government, we can't ignore the local wizards, right?If they turn into pythons and attack our construction site in the middle of the night, even if no one is killed, no workers will be willing to continue working, or their wages will be increased by four or five times. 
   
   You mean, you want us to provide security for you?
    Robards understood something, 
   But strong dragons don't overpower bullies, you still have to talk to the locals.
   
   But I don't even know who to talk to.
   Isn't Ur from the International Federation of Wizards?Just go talk to them this year.
   Paito, it was led by the French. The African wizards who went there were all from Algeria, not from Nigeria. Besides, why did we tell the French about making money? Do you think not enough people know about it? 
   Robards shrugged his shoulders:    Okay, I'll help you find a solution. In fact, you should tell Kingsley Shacklebolt about this. He is a black man, and he is from a family of pure-blood wizards.
   
   Dude, you actually think I'm going to bypass you and go in private...
   
   Come on, don't I know you?
    Robards said helplessly, 
   As long as you can convince half the people in the office, my opinion doesn't really matter.
   
   How can that be done? It's a welfare. Those who see it have a share. Brothers do the most dangerous work, but after retirement they can't even afford a better villa. This is too much. Look at old Moody, he is now Both still live on the same street as Muggles. He's still single, and you're all families…
   Because the other party was also an experienced person, Lockhart didn't hide anything at all, and directly stated his intention for coming.He tried to corrupt these determined colleagues with money, and for this he used a tried-and-tested weapon-
   Think about your family
    is like when persuading someone to drink, the best excuse is to wish the other party's parents health. Say no one can say no.
   What a tongue!
    Robards didn't know whether it was approval or sarcasm, 
   I want to talk to my brothers about this matter, now please go to perform your duties immediately and show me the favor of Saint Potter.
   Chapter 150 NineAlthough those Aurors didn't immediately agree to Lockhart's 
   shareholding
    motion, they didn't immediately refuse either.It's not that they don't believe the project will be profitable, it's that they haven't decided whether to step in Lockhart's car now.It is generally believed that Lockhart is very ambitious and very popular among the common people.If there are no accidents, it will be very likely to receive Dumbledore's political legacy in the future and successfully become the Minister of Magic.And the fact is the same, Lockhart's purpose has not been concealed from beginning to end, that is to become the Minister of Magic, and the news that he asked Dumbledore for political assistance is not a secret in the Ministry of Magic, so it can be seen that even if he does not become the Minister of Magic in the future The Minister will also become one of the powerful people in the Ministry of Magic, which is foreseeable.But one pair, there must always be a but, this 
   future
    should be 30 years later.No matter which world, there is no precedent for a brat under the age of 30 to become the supreme head of the government, especially in a conservative place like the magic world, so if there is no accident, it is impossible for Lockhart to Became the Minister of Magic within ten years.That's why Fudge didn't regard Lockhart as a 
   mortal enemy
    and immediately targeted him to death. He just arranged him in the foreign affairs department to prevent him from getting in touch with real power too early.In his subconscious mind, Lockhart should also belong to his 
   next generation
   , not his competitors in the same period.Seeing that Lockhart is so keen on 
   cultivating power
   , everyone is happy to see it.Because as long as Lockhart continues to buy people's hearts, then he must spread the wordAt the same time, everyone can eat this benefit first.As for what will happen in the future, we have to wait for the future to talk about it, and everyone understands this truth.The next step is to see how big Lockhart can make the pie.Lockhart also knew this, so he didn't act too eagerly. Anyway, he said everything, and no one can blame him for not coming to him in the future.He stood up from the table, and greeted the several Aurors who were following him, before chasing in Harry's direction.At that time, Harry and the three of them had bought all the books and medicinal materials they needed, stuffed them into their big suitcase, and were looking at the pet they wanted in the pet store.Hermione wanted an owl, but somehow ended up choosing a big ginger cat.It is very likely that after the clerk said 
   that cat has a bad temper, no one has been willing to take it
   , Hermione felt some kind of empathy.Ron reacted extremely violently to this, and even quarreled with Hermione because of this, saying that with that thing nearby, his mouse would be eaten or scared to death sooner or later.The Iron Triangle did not split because of Voldemort, different values, or different styles, but it ended up falling apart because of a cat and a mouse, which Lockhart did not expect.
   Kids, don't fight... Oh, is this a half-breed cat?
    Lockhart noticed the big cat in Hermione's hand.
   Yes, it's called Crookshanks.
    Hermione pinched the cat's paw, 
   Come, Crookshanks, say hello to Professor Lockhart.
   The big cat stared at Lockhart for a while, probably finding that the man was not a threat, and then lazily lay down in Hermione's arms.
   I'm not a professor anymore, you don't have to be like Harry and keep saying 
   Professor
    on your lips. 
    Lockhart said kindly.Get used to it. Hermione stuck out her tongue, 
   Professor, is work going well?
   
   It couldn't have been smoother... Ah, Ron should know, right.
    Lockhart winked at Ron.Ron shrugged.Indeed, compared with the other two, Ron knew a little more about Lockhart's current situation, and all of this was learned from his father's side.For example, the problem of his father's extra money.During the summer vacation, Arthur Weasley came home suddenly and told his wife that he had won the Galleon Prize in the 
   Daily Prophet
    and received a bonus of 3000 Galleons.Mrs. Weasley was overjoyed, and immediately started planning to use the money to visit Bill in Egypt, buy some clothes and furniture for the family, and open a swimming pool and a small Quidditch pitch in the back garden. There was no doubt at all. what my husband said.Although Molly Weasley didn't ask, several of their children knew that although Mr. Weasley had indeed won the lottery, the bonus was not that much, and the money actually came from another source.Moreover, although the source of this money is not disgraceful, it is not as upright as Mr. Weasley said.His money was actually 
   service fees
   -a few 
   social activists
    from the Ministry of Magic found Mr. Weasley and asked him to enchant a large number of oil equipment and Muggle trucks so that they could work by themselves.If possible, change the law again to add these things to the list of 
   magically craftable Muggle items
   .Mr. Weasley wanted to reject them sternly, but these people gave too much, and since he was fined 50 Galleons by the Ministry of Magic for casting spells on cars, the Weasley family Money has always been very poor, and he doesn't have much room to struggle.In the end, he couldn't hold back anymore, and asked the Ministry of Magic for a half-day leave, and followed suit.Apparated several people to a hidden place in Nigeria.And when he came back, his magic pocket was full of shiny South African gold coins, which were said to be freshly dug from South African gold mines, with a purity of 5 and four nines.It's nice to finally get the money to support the family, but Arthur has a headache about how to tell his wife, because this is an illegal act after all, and he doesn't know what his wife will think about it.But he didn't hide it from his children, and he couldn't hide it, especially the Weasley twins. They could all find out that Arthur was a little troublesome, let alone suddenly got a huge sum of money.So under the tacit understanding of the family, the children decided to join hands to help their father hide it from their mother, and they all said that the money was 
   winning
   .Molly, unaware of her husband and children's little tricks, is now busy planning how the money will be spent and enjoying the big purchases in Diagon Alley that she has felt since she eloped with Arthur. I haven't experienced it much.
   
   
Chapter 75   
   
   Originally, Percy complained slightly about his father's behavior of 
   knowingly breaking the law
   , but the increased pocket money also made him shut up obediently - he had just made a girlfriend, and the expenses were much higher than before.Ron also knew exactly where he got his rat tonic, new robes, new textbooks, and even Mr. Weasley promised to pay him if he would become a prefect or enter the Quidditch team Buy a new 
   sweep
   
   I wish you the best of luck in your career, sir.
    He pointed.Hermione looked at her two companions suspiciously, and was discomfited to find that they suddenly seemed to know Lockhart better than she did.Chapter 160 The Raven Staring at the SkyIn addition to Ron, Lockhart also met Percy Weasley.Percy straightened up at the sight of Lockhart, as if eager to show something.And Lockhart took a look at him and knew what he was doing—Percy had a student president badge pinned to his chest.
   Congratulations on your election as student president.
    Lockhart congratulated him solemnly
   Thank you, sir. I heard that the headmaster took your opinion into consideration during this process.
    Percy also answered him solemnly, 
   It's just that there will be a lot of work to be done by the student union this year. (wls): I have to take the final exam, I'm afraid I can't breathe just because of my studies, let alone the student union...   
   Is it still bearable?
    Lockhart asked deliberately, 
   If not, you can share some power with the subordinates.
   
   
   Probably no problem. 
   Percy hurriedly stopped his pretentious behavior, 
   I have previewed my homework in advance, and then I just need to review step by step. Not only academic performance, but also practical work experience is also very important. 
   
   That's true.
    Lockhart nodded.Academic performance never represents a person's full strength. There are many people with high scores and high abilities—such as Barty Crouch Jr., but there are also Aurors with high scores and low abilities like Dawlish in the Ministry of Magic. day.Don't look at Dawlish's performance in 
   Newts
    is all 
   excellent
   , but its strength is really unsightly.It's okay to be killed by Dumbledore one-on-three. After all, it is Dumbledore, and he is quick to move if he can pull out his wand.But then Dawlish failed to participate in the siege of Hagrid. After Voldemort returned, he was cast with the Imperius Curse by the Death Eaters, and was defeated by her when he led someone to kidnap Neville's grandmother (Mrs. Longbottom even failed the spell test). This behavior is hard to believe that it is still an 
   elite Auror
   Percy will definitely work in the Ministry of Magic in the future, and Lockhart undoubtedly approves of his ability in examinations and copywriting, but when it comes to his ability to practice magic...it's better not to mention it.Regardless of whether Dumbledore originally planned to appoint Percy as the head of students, Lockhart can now tell Percy that this is the result of his influence.Such a result undoubtedly increased Lockhart's 
   credibility
    with Percy. In the next year, Lockhart planned to completely turn the club he left at school into his own reserve base, and Percy was undoubtedly A key chess piece.After entering the seventh grade, as long as Hogwarts students don't worry about their future like some idiots in their senior year, then what they worry about most now is undoubtedly the problem of work, and Lockhart intends to Use this to win them over.
   Whiz Hard's company, I can help write a letter of introduction, I believe they will give me some face, you can usually pay more attention to see who is good at writing. 
   Witch Weekly
    is the same, you can let Kerry Miss Watt went there to apply for a job...
   Percy cleared his throat: Zhuang also plans to join me in the Ministry of Magic.   
   Really?
   
   Yes.
   
   Well, I don't think this is a good idea. One is inside and the other is outside. But since you insist... In short, I can also help write letters of recommendation from Witch Weekly. Remember to find me a few who are good at Girls who gossip. And then there's the oil well in Nigeria that's about to be drilled, and I need someone to keep an eye on the futures market, oil drilling, and the barges. And lastly, the Ministry of Magic. I greeted several departments...
   Percy listened intently, because he knew it was Lockhart who was doing him a favour.If the student council president can provide job opportunities to people from his own faction before he graduates, his authority will undoubtedly be greatly enhanced, which is also a good opportunity for Percy
   I understand what you mean... When we also work, we will definitely inherit and carry forward this tradition.
    Percy solemnly promised.There was no need to beat the drum with a heavy hammer. Seeing that he understood, Lockhart didn't say much. After all, Percy was the only one who knew that Lockhart intended to form a party.After chatting with Percy for a while about this year's student union, Arthur and Molly finally finished their things and walked over pushing two large trolleys.After seeing Lockhart, Arthur hurriedly stepped forward to say hello, and told him in a low voice, don't tell his wife that he made a lot of money.
   
   Little vault?
    Lockhart winked at him.
   No, but... that's illegal after all, isn't it?
    Arthur's voice dropped.
   Then find a way to make it legal.
    Lockhart said lightly, 
   As long as it is not seen by Muggles, this does not violate the 
   Secrecy Act
    and 
   Protection Act
   
   Is this... not very good?
    Arthur asked uncertainly.
   What's wrong? We helped Muggles lower the price of crude oil, wizards made money themselves, and the Ministry of Magic can also collect a trade tax, so the world is more prosperous because of it... tell me, what's wrong?
    Loha Just open your mouth.Arthur fell silent, seemingly convinced by Lockhart.As long as it is profitable, capitalism can find a way to make it legal, which is the basic operation.Arthur Weasley is still a bit too timid, he is afraid to change the 
   processing fee
    after only earning a few thousand pounds.Maybe the mouth is wide open.Without leaving him much time to think, Molly also rushed over, greeted Lockhart very warmly, and said that she wanted to thank him very much.
   Even Fred and George passed their exams. It's not the same with good teachers... I don't have to worry about them not being able to find a job after graduation.
   
   What do you mean 'Even we passed'?
    Fred and George were very dissatisfied. 
   
   I testify...they are very good kids, they can graduate with excellent grades in any subject, if they are interested in that subject.
    Lockhart said with a smile.After sending Harry here, Lockhart's mission was considered complete.The Weasleys took over the rest of Harry's itinerary, and Harry was going to spend the rest of his days at the Burrow.
   The Ministry of Magic will send two cars to take us to the station.
    Arthur said to Lockhart, 
   Harry's protection has now been raised to level one alert.
   
   I see.
    Lockhart pouted at the casually dressed Aurors behind him.
   When we get to Hogwarts, the dementors will take over the security work... If you want me to say, this is completely adding to the chaos.
    Arthur lost interest, 
   Unfortunately, the ministry is short of manpower, so we can only use them.
   The Ministry of Magic has no money, so finances have always been tight. It is normal to have no budget to deal with emergencies. There is really no way for Fudge to use dementors to defend Hogwarts, because they are 
   free
   . , as long as a little happiness of idlers and creatures can pass.It's just that during the year surrounded by dementors, the teachers and students of Hogwarts may not have a good time.For Lockhart, it was not Hogwarts that caused him the most headache, becauseHe knew that Harry would not be killed by Black.What he really needs to worry about is the dementors. With the dementors in Hogsmeade, the business of the shops there will definitely be greatly affected. As for the staff of the Ministry, it may be difficult to persuade them to join his plan.It was precisely because of this that it took a lot of willpower for Lockhart to hold back, and he didn't immediately extend his black hand to Ron's mouse.Forget it, there will be opportunities in the future.Lockhart bought some magic developer for photos in Diagon Alley, bought a table with a combination lock drawer and a chair with automatic massage, and then returned to his house in London.Although he is now the director of the 
   Games Commodity Trade Office
    under the 
   Trade Standards Committee
    of the Department of International Magical Cooperation, the Ministry of Magic's establishment does not even count as a grass-roots team, but an out-and-out shell.Three hundred Galleons, which can be applied for once every six months—this is the office funds approved by the Ministry of Magic.Although Ms Rutkin of the Trading Standards Board stated that she was also a Lockhart fan, when it came time to ask for funding, she still did not give a single Nat.And when giving him funds: Ms. Lutkin also advised him to save money, because the Ministry's funds are running out, and it was Barty Crouch's extra instructions to take care of it, so she gave so much money .Looking at the 300 Galleons he got, Lockhart also had a deeper understanding of the Ministry of Magic's difficulties, and this also gave him greater confidence, because the poorer the Ministry of Magic, the more he will introduce a series of new financial policies in the future. , the more people will support.Although the funding was not much, Barty Crouch still stated that he would    see the effect
    within half a year, otherwise he would reconsider Lockhart's position.After hearing this familiar order, Lockhart couldn't help feeling that at this point CrouchCompared with the bosses in my previous life, there is no difference. I want the horse to run, and I want the horse not to eat grass, and I catch a useful guy and use it to death.It seems that I have to be more careful, and I must not act casually anymore, otherwise I am afraid that my boss will assign a huge number of tasks, and I will be exhausted in the end.After thinking about it for a long time after his rebirth, he realized that work is for a better life, not for life to become work.Lockhart wanted to rush to Hogsmeade immediately and secure his office there first, but when he took out his pocket watch and took a look, he changed his mind.It's three o'clock, let's make eggs and drink tea first!Chapter 160 SettlementAfter seeing the 
   office
    chosen by Lockhart, Mrs. Aikemo, an official sent by the Ministry of Magic, was a little unbelievable.Although she has asked many times, she couldn't help but ask again:   My God, do you really want to live here?
   It is inevitable that she will be surprised, because Lockhart finally chose neither the second floor of the Three Broomsticks, nor the house of any resident of Hogsmeade, but the well-known house in the whole of England. 
   Haunted House
    - The Shrieking ShackLooking at the messy claw marks and pale footprints left everywhere in the wooden house, Mrs. Aikemo's scalp suddenly went numb.It's just that Lockhart doesn't seem to care about it.
   No way, although it is a bit crude, but the funds are limited, and every copper nat has to be used wisely. This kind of official expenditure should be reduced as much as possible.
    He said.
   But it's haunted... oh, I almost forgot, you've dealt with female ghosts and ghoulsMrs. Aikemo just wanted to continue to persuade him, but after thinking about Lockhart's experience, she suddenly felt that this seemed nothing.Whether it's red ghosts, giant spirits, dead souls, shadows, or demons, they will only become a footprint on this guy's record list, right?Lockhart didn't care what the people sent by the Ministry of Magic were thinking. After looking around at the Shrieking Shack, he was satisfied with the environment here.Although the place is not very big, there are two rooms inside and one outside, one for office and one for sleeping, which is enough.Well, bachelors, why do you need such a big house, right?More importantly, the rent here is cheap enough.The Screaming Shack and the secret passage below belong to the property of Hogwarts. At the beginning, Dumbledore also chose to house Lupine, the werewolf on the night of the full moon, here, and for the sake of confidentiality, he deliberately did not prevent the residents of Hogsmeade from There are rumors of being haunted here, so no one dares to approach it all the time.Although this would cost Hogwarts less rent, it would also make the secret passage safer.It was originally left in order to send messengers in the castle to ask for help when the Muggles attacked the castle.And Dumbledore himself is the kind of person who can say to Harry, 
   Smash it as much as you want, my property is too much
   , so he didn't pay much attention to this small sum of money.Now Lockhart only needs to pay a small sum of 5 Galleons per month to rent this place, which can be described as extremely economical. Even if the people from the Ministry of Magic who are in charge of investigating employees' misuse of public funds find this place, they can't do anything to Lockhart. any objection.Although if Lockhart wanted to spend his time in Hogsmeade with his personal financial means, he would not be unable to afford it, but it was inevitable that people would wonder what he was doing here.Looking at the surroundings of the house inside, Lockhart popped out his wand from his sleeve and began to clean up:    Clean it up!
   With the sound of his chanting, most of the dust in the house was immediately removed, and the dim windows of the cabin became much cleaner.Next, he turned to Mrs. Aikemo:    That's about it. Next, please activate the Floo network at the location of the fireplace...
   Mrs. Eckmore was in the Floo office of the Department of Magical Transport. Without the approval of someone in her office, the new fireplace would not be able to connect to the Internet, and Lockhart would have to use someone else's fireplace.Mrs. Aikemo looked around and found that there were still dust left in many corners of the house, then shook her head slightly.
   It can be dealt with in the blink of an eye... But I have to tell you, if your cleaning ability is half as good as your ability to resist black magic, this room will not be so dirty.
   Although everyone can use cleaning spells and packing spells, but the same spells, if used by people who can’t clean, the effect is not as good as those housewives. Your level of cleaning with bare hands directly determines the level of housework spells you use. .It's like Nymphadora Tonks, she can only use the Packing Charm to pack the pile of things into a mess, but Mrs. Weasley and her aunt can use the Packing Charm to keep things in order.Lockhart shrugged:    Bachelor, you have to understand.
   
   Yeah, I understand. Although it's just a colleague, I still suggest you start a family as soon as possible, so that you can work with peace of mind... Can you get me some firewood?
   In order to prevent the middle-aged woman from continuing her nagging, Lockhart hurried out of the house and picked up some dry branches from the ground.Mrs. Aikemo lit them in the fireplace, and then took out a thing that looked like a sprayer, and sprayed it on the flames of the fireplace.The green flame rose immediately, and Mrs. Aikemo threw something into it, and then said aloud 
   Hephaestus (Hephaestus)
   , then turned around and came back, announcing the completion of the Floo network connection .
   As you requested, this fireplace has been connected to the Floo network, and the serial number is 10086. It will be inspected every three years for the first 30 years, and it will be inspected every year after 30 years. Do you understand?
   
   Thank you, Mrs. Eckmore,
    said Lockhart.According to the regulations of the Ministry of Magic, employees who have connected to the Floo network must try it themselves first, so after Mrs. Eckmore helped him connect to the network, she sent it back to the Ministry of Magic directly from the furnace, leaving Lockhart alone. man, let him furnish the office himself.Of course Lockhart would not just clean this place by himself, he called manyBee, let him and himself clean the Screaming Shack all over again.He arranged all the filing cabinets, desks, calendars, world maps, and British maps he got from the Ministry of Magic on the outside of the Shrieking Shack, and he planned to use it as his office, while the inside was placed Wardrobe, bed and full-length mirror, as a bedroom.In addition, Lockhart threw the map flying carpet out of Hogwarts when he left his job in his new bedroom, and used it to cover the secret passage leading to Hogwarts under the Whomping Willow, anyway. It's no use throwing this thing in the Ministry of Magic.While cleaning the outside of the Shrieking Shack, Dobby noticed something.
   Benevolent master, Dobby found a pile of straw, which was placed behind the door.
    He hurried forward to report.
   How long have you put the straw?
    Lockhart continued to sort out the official clothes in his closet, 
   Throw it in the fireplace and burn it, just to bake the moisture in the house.
   
   It's still new, the place under the mat is still a bit wet, and if you throw it in the fireplace, it will burn bad ash smoke, the owner will choke, and Dobby has to stick his head into the fireplace to punish himself ...
   
   Don't.
    Lockhart hurriedly stopped, 
   Your pocket butler suit needs to be made to order. If you burn it, you won't be able to buy it again... Since you can't burn it, then take it outside and throw it away.
   
   Ok.
   Dobby bounded out, and magically lifted the bundle of straw, ready to throw it.However, when he opened the door, a pair of gray, huge eyes suddenly appeared behind the door.Dobby jumped back in fright, then sat down on the ground, and the straw he magically lifted flew into the sky.
   Ah!
    he yelled.Lockhart immediately popped out his wand when he heard the sound, and the cat bent down and leaned against the doorout, wanting to see what happened.
   
   
Chapter 76   
   
   In the end, what he saw was the straw slowly falling from the sky, Dobby sitting on the ground, retreating towards the house at high speed like a turtle crawling upside down, and——And a black Scottish deerhound half the height of a person with a mouse in its mouth at the door.Chapter 160 The Second Uninvited GuestThe moment Lockhart saw the black dog, his mind buzzed.He didn't need to think too much about who the black dog was and where it came from.Obviously, the small pile of straw behind the door should be the black dog's bed, and 
   it
    also chose the Screaming Shack as its foothold during the time it arrived in Hogsmeade.No wonder there are fresh straws and fresh claw marks in the Screaming Shack. It turns out that someone had already 
   preconceived
    before he settled in this office.Because the incident happened so suddenly, Lockhart didn't think about how to deal with it for a while. It's all because Aunt Rowling failed to tell everyone in detail how Black came to Hogwarts after escaping from prison.Well, no matter how he got here, the key now is what should I do■direct attack?Obviously not.drive away?There seems to be something wrong.Give this house back to 
   it
    and find a new one for yourself?What a joke!so what should I do now?While Lockhart was staring straight at the big black dog, the black dog was also looking at the situation in the house, and its expression was even more confused than Lockhart's, even with the dead mouse in its mouth It also fell to the ground unknowingly.After Blake escaped from Azkaban Prison, he ran all the way to London almost non-stop, eating and sleeping all the way, and found No. [-], Privet Drive.In the end, he ran for nothing there, and couldn't find his godson Harry Potter, and failed to give Harry a decent birthday as expected to make up for the godfather duties he had failed to perform over the years.From the complaints of the man who was too fat to see his neck and his wife, Black learned that Harry did live in this room, but he had already been picked up by a rich former professor at Hogwarts. Ready to go straight to Hogwarts.Annoyed, Blake decided to leave for Hogwarts immediately and kill Peter Pettigrew before he absconded again.As for this birthday, it doesn't matter if I make it up later.So he secretly boarded a sightseeing ship from London Island Garden to the north shore of Edinburgh, Scotland, and survived on the leftovers thrown out of the guest room every day.After disembarking, he hurried to Hogsmeade again, and prepared to use the Screaming Shack as a base to recuperate for a few days. He sneaked into the secret passage he knew, waiting for an opportunity to complete his revenge.But why did people live in the Screaming Shack while he was out looking for food today?If this is the case, how can I enter Hogwarts?Thinking of this, the black dog's fur gradually opened, its tail gradually straightened back, and the fangs in its mouth were exposed.
   Wow...Wow!
   A threatening growl rose from the black dog's throat, trying to scare Lockhart away.It's just that the pitiful appearance of the skinny body makes it 
   very fierce
   , not to mention Lockhart, even Dobby stretched out his magical finger, and when Lockhart gave an order, he would put the The big black dog drove away.After seeing the big black dog showing hostility towards him, Lockhart quickly calmed down instead.He bet Sirius Black wouldn't dare attack anyone here.This is not because he thinks Black is inherently kind, but because he believesBelieve black is not that stupidIf it attacked someone here, it would attract the attention of those around it anyway, and it would not be so easy to sneak into Hogwarts.Since he didn't dare to do anything, he could think about how to deal with the current problem.Because he knew that the black dog was Black, and that Black was still innocent, it was undoubtedly a bad idea to take it here directly, even if Lockhart was very confident that he could defeat Sirius who had no magic wand right now.But in this way, apart from gaining a little honor, there is actually no benefit to him, and this honor has too little benefit to himself who has 
   conquered
    even the monster in the chamber of secrets and Voldemort's soul fragment.And because there is no way to prove Black's innocent relationship, after he is caught, there is a high probability that he will get a kiss from the dementor.Lockhart can't guarantee whether the savior can still be the savior without the role of 
   father
    provided by the godfather on the growth path.But if he gave up the house for a dog for no reason, not to mention whether Lockhart would be reconciled, even if others heard about it, they would only laugh at him for being cowardly - and there is no extreme animal protection organization here, no Will give Lockhart the Touching Nature award for letting a dog out of the house.After thinking it through, Lockhart opened his mouth.
   Dobby! Stop
    He stopped Dobby from picking up the tongs and trying to drive the black dog away. I think for this wild dog, we are the uninvited guests... I am afraid that what you just took is its bed. 
   Without further ado, Lockhart opened his mouth and defined the black dog as a 
   wild dog
   Dobby glanced at the pile of straw scattered on the ground:    It should be like this.
    It would be easy for him to drive it out, and it is summer now, so it will not worry about food, but maybe when the dementors come over.Wait another week, and the dementors will come and surround Hogwarts, and there won't even be any rats here. 
    Lockhart continued to Dobby.Dobby didn't understand why Lockhart told him about this again. Lockhart had already told him about the dementors here, and told him to prepare firewood and chocolate in advance.He only assumed that Lockhart was too busy and forgot to tell him about it.
   You're right,
    said Dobby. 
   Like around Azkaban, there aren't even rats.
   Hearing the word 
   dementor
   , the black dog outside the door couldn't help but tremble—although he has survived in Azkaban for almost 12 years, it doesn't mean he's used to the environment there .It looked around and found that the Shrieking Shack had become completely different during his time out: not only the wooden boards nailed to the door had been torn apart, but desks and filing cabinets were even placed inside. Even the dilapidated and leaky fireplace had been repaired and filled with firewood at some point.Apparently, this place has been transformed into an office.Tsk...bad luck.said Sirius Heart.After seeing this formation, he knew that it was impossible for him to let the people inside retreat, so he started to back away slowly, trying to get away.But Lockhart has a new move.   Wait, if that's the case, wouldn't the wild dog be dead if he had nothing to eat?
    Lockhart squeezed his chin, putting on a pensive look, 
   Although I'm not afraid of people from the Department of Magical Creatures. Cross-department comes to make trouble, but... I will be stationed here for at least two years, and I often have to go out to discuss cooperation, and you often have to go back to London to take care of my mother, this house must be watched by someone...
   He was nagging, as if he was thinking about something deep in his heart,In fact, he had already figured out how to deal with this matter.After mumbling for a long time, Lockhart pretended to remember something, and gave an order to the house elf beside him:    
   Dobby, get some grilled sausages from my refrigerator. 
   Dobby didn't understand why he did it, but he snapped his fingers and summoned some sausages from the fridge in Lockhart's London apartment.Holding the sausage in his hand, Lockhart slowly bent down and stretched out towards the big black dog that had started to back away slowly.
   Hey boy, don't go! This is the house you picked, right? Stay!Lockhart shook the sausage in his hand, as if the black dog in front of him was really a wild dog that can be seen everywhere, and whistled at it.Watching Lockhart's actions, Dobby seemed to understand something.
   Dear master, do you want to keep it here?
    Dobby asked with some concern, 
   It won't bite, will it?
   
   Probably not. The wild dog is actually easy to domesticate. It must have regarded the Screaming Shack as its own territory. We just need to let it accept us.
    Lockhart continued to wave the sausage in his hand and said 7 
   I I remember reading in some Muggle magazine that even the most loyal dog can't stand the smell of grilled sausages. Unless...it's not normal.
   Chapter 160 Lack of CommunicationStaring at the sausage that Lockhart placed in front of his eyes, Sirius Black was very troubled.He wasn't really like a dog, so good-for-nothing that he couldn't walk at the smell of hot, oily sausages, although he really wanted to eat two human meals now.But what really attracted him was the amount of information revealed in what Lockhart just said--First, this is a Ministry of Magic official who will be stationed here for two years, and often has to go out to 
   negotiate business
   , so he is not in the house;Second, the dementors are coming soon, to 
   protect
    Hogwarts—obviously, for their own sake.Third, this person should not have discovered his true identity, and he is not from the security department, but from a department that can 
   negotiate business
   , so the possibility of finding himself is very slim.Fourth... so hungry, really hungry.The big black dog hesitated for a moment, and then, like a real wild dog, timidly took two steps towards it7 and then took another step back. Finally, under the encouragement of Lockhart, it took a bite of the sausage, and then quickly hid Four or five steps away.Perfect!Sirius mentally gave himself full marks for his realistic performance.From anyone's point of view, these are the actions that an ordinary dog ​​should make, neither too conspicuous because of being too flustered, nor too aggressive to scare away potential masters.
   Blake ate the sausage triumphantly, but he didn't know that his actions made Lockhart smile in his heart—he decided to keep this scene firmly in mind, find a chance to store it in a crystal bottle, and put it in a Pensieve for Blake's future descendants to see .The premise is that he can have children and grandchildren.
   Very well, you see it eats!
    Lockhart said to Dobby 
   joyfully.
    
   Where did you find that bale of straw, Dobby?
   
   From behind the door, gracious master.
    Dobby answered him immediately.Niuba spread the bale of straw back, and as long as he smells his own scent on the straw, he can live in peace—the dog has a strong sense of territory. ' Lockhart directed him.
   Okay, as you wish. But shouldn't we find a chance to grind off its fangs first?
    Dobby asked, 
   Dobby remembers that when he was in the former owner's manor, he asked Dobby to put all the fangs away.
    The pet dog's fangs are all rounded, and magic is not allowed, and Dobby was bitten more than a dozen times...
   
   The teeth are rounded?
    Lockhart glanced at the black dog. 
   I think it's better to put braces on it, but there is one thing that needs to be prioritized...
   Listening to this person and his family discussing how to play with him, the big black dog couldn't help pricking up his ears.
   ...The next meal, mix some wine with its food, and you will secretly give it a bath after it falls asleep.
   
   bath?
   
   Yeah, dogs don't like to take a bath, so this is the only way to do it. Otherwise, it's really hard to see people in this way. I will meet a lot of famous industrialists in this office in the future. The watchdog is dirty. How can you do it?
    Lockhart said matter-of-factly.Blake thought that there was no need to be so troublesome. I wanted to take a hot bath a long time ago, especially since it was summer, and it was really uncomfortable to be covered in dust after hunting.But as a dog, he should act like he doesn't understand at all.Wait, as long as I continue to pretend that I don't understand, doesn't that mean there is still wine to drink?The big black dog stuck out his tongue and licked the corner of his mouth, as if he was still relishing the taste of the sausage just now.Seeing this, Lockhart took all the sausages in Dobby's hand, roasted them on the embers of the firewood in the fireplace, and fed them to the big black dog one by one.
   Now that it has eaten our food, it should trust us more.
    Lockhart wiped his oily hands, and began to think about new ideas, 
   We should build a dog house for it...but I won't Let’s ask Hagrid for help some other day, get him a cushion today, let him continue to sleep behind the door, and I’ll sleep in the room.”
   Dobby sleeps by the fence at Ximian,
    the house-elf immediately added.
   Don't be silly... I'll help you borrow a house-elf bed from Headmaster Dumbledore, and you can sleep by the fireplace.
   Dobby shuddered:    That's not acceptable, how can people sleep on the bed?
   Then find a cushion... Dobby, I'm not talking about you, the distance between you and freedom is really getting farther and farther.
   
   But Dobby is already a free house-elf.
    Dobby puffed out his chest proudly.as long as you are happy. 
    Lockhart decided not to try to correct his perceptionDobby brought two cushions, spread one behind the door for Sirius Black, and laid the other next to the fireplace for his own nest, while Lockhart slept in inside.Blake quietly curled up on his own cushion, and closed his eyes, pretending to be asleep, until Dobby's slight snoring came, and he opened his eyes suddenly.Today is a strange day—the place he chose to stay has become the office of a staff member of the Ministry of Magic, and this staff member still seems to be rich, and the relationship with Dumbledore and Hagrid is not good at the same time. good....has a good relationship with Dumbledore Hagrid, that is to say, he should be a member of the Lion faction.Compared with the 
   goodwill
    shown by Lockhart before, Black believed in his Lion faction identity more, because Dumbledore would never harm Harry Potter, so his people should not harm Harry. ,This is enough.But even so, Black does not intend to trust others, he would rather find a way to solve everything, including revenge on Peter Pettigrew.He got up secretly, and tiptoed to the corner of the outer room.He knew that there was a passage leading to the Whomping Willow next to the Forbidden Forest at Hogwarts, and that the quartet of Marauders had used it many times in the past to travel between Hogwarts and Hogsmeade. It is not certain whether the Ministry of Magic official discovered it.But it seems that he was overthinking—the entrance to the secret passage was pressed by a file cabinet. Unless they knew that there was a secret passage here, they would never have thought that there was a road leading to Hogwarts. path of.Very good, then I just need to pretend to be good, and then sneak into the secret passage while the official is out, and no one will suspect this.The only thing that worried Black was whether Dumbledore knew of the existence of the secret passage, and whether he knew he was an Animagus.Although outsiders don't know, Sirius Black is very clear why Dumbledore didn't stand up to speak for himself after he was wronged.It's just that he went too far when he framed Snape - when he encouraged Snape to go into the Shrieking Shack to face the werewolf that Lupine turned into on the night of the full moon.This would undoubtedly put Snape's life in danger, but Sirius Black did it anyway, and it gave Dumbledore something to think about him.Once some concepts are preconceived, it is difficult to change. Since then, although Dumbledore has not said anything, he believes that Black is not a reliable person. The attitude is also very casual.And when it came out that Black 
   betrayed
    the Potters, Dumbledore chose to believe this statement almost without thinking.This is not only because he 
   knows
    that Black is the Potter couple's loyal secret keeper of the Curse, but also because Dumbledore subconsciously believes that Black is indeed the one who can do such a thing.With this layer of grudges in it, Black naturally refused to inform Dumbledore of his plans.In fact, he could have asked the owl to send a letter to the principal, telling him the fact that the other three were Animagus except Lupine, and let him catch Ron's mouse.No matter how much Dumbledore doubted Sirius, if Sirius really wrote this letter, Dumbledore would only catch the mouse first for the sake of prudence, and judge the authenticity later.So, this is another tragedy caused by lack of communication.Chapter 160 The Fourth StepUnlike London, the magical village of Hogsmeade is quite fresh even in the morning because there is no car exhaust.
   
   
Chapter 77   
   
   So Lockhart got up early in the morning, washed his face with cold water, and prepared to go for a morning run.Beside the door, he saw a big black dog sleeping in a puddle of ooze on the cushion.He thought that after turning into a dog, Blake would curl up on the ground and sleep like a normal dog.But he obviously wasn't pretending enough, not only was the whole dog lying on its side, but there was also a puddle of saliva drooling from the corner of its mouth, snoring slightly.Lockhart shook his head, then quietly opened the door and walked towards the lake.Because it was not the weekend yet, Hogsmeade was still very quiet, and many shops were not yet open. Lockhart ran on the road and could only see people in twos and threes. They all went out to fetch water from the lake in the early morning.Coincidentally, Lockhart saw a man on the road, and he was one of the people Lockhart planned to visit in the next few days.
   Good morning, Davis!
    Lockhart greeted a bald man.The person who was called was using the movement spell to direct eight wooden barrels to roll obliquely on the ground. After hearing Lockhart's cry, he turned his head, looking a little surprised.
   Lockhart! Oh, I thought you had resigned from Hogwarts.
    He stopped himself.
   
   Yeah, resigned, but the Ministry of Magic sent me to work here again... Coincidentally, I'm going to your place to discuss a big business, you'd better call Bance, are you free this afternoon? 
   
   He and I were there, and my wife just baked some cookies...
    Davis raised his eyebrows, 
   What business?
   
   You'll find out soon enough.
    Lockhart tried to whet his appetite.Hogsmeade's 
   Devis-Bans
    is a shop that sells and repairs magical equipment. During the Hogwarts class, it mainly does business for Hogwarts students, and also picks up other villagers in some villages. It's like a carpenter who is almost necessary in a Muggle village.After the dueling club was opened last year, students who broke their magic equipment during the duel often came to them to repair it on weekends, and their business improved a lot because of this.After hearing Lockhart say that there is a 
   big business
   , De Weiss heart immediately became a little itchy - the Weizeac brothers made a small fortune last year, but De Weiss and Bans only Being able to eat leftovers from other people's food and earn some maintenance fees made both of them a little uncomfortable.Originally, the wizarding world was highly self-sufficient economically. The difference between having money and not having money was just a difference in houses, clothes and potions, but it was not that difficult to survive.But this world is afraid of comparison, and there is nothing more uncomfortable than watching others make money while you have nothing to eat.Watching Lockhart gradually run away, De Weiss was stunned for a while, and then remembered that he should continue to fetch water.In addition to De Weiss, Lockhart also saw several acquaintances on the way to the lake.They are all residents of the village doing business, such as the owner of the Wenrenju stationery store, the owner of Zuko's joke shop, and the clerks employed by the international chain store, Fengya Wizard Clothing Store.After seeing Lockhart, they all greeted him in a friendly manner. After all, this is a big benefactor who can not only consume himself, but also drive everyone to get rich together.In the past year, we also got along very wellLockhart naturally wants to show his closeness to the people, just like the prime minister who went to a second-hand store to buy clothes for a show, and talked enthusiastically with everyone he saw—for a while, I am afraid that no one will know that he has been here .Only in this way, the effect of exercising is greatly reduced.But Lockhart didn't care. Apart from exercising, he came to the lake to inspect the water environment around Hogsmeade. He wanted to see if water would be available after the Triwizard Tournament.Although Hogsmeade is the only purely wizarding village in England, it is still built near a water source, just like Muggle villages.There is only a train station between Hogsmeade and Black Lake, and it takes only a few minutes to walk. Therefore, since ancient times, residents of Hogsmeade have relied on the most primitive 
   self-pick-up by the lake
    method to get water. Finish.Just like Mr. Deweiss, one person uses a spell to control several wooden barrels, one time is enough for a day, and it is easy.If you are more proficient in spellcasting, you can even use 
   clear water like a spring AguamantiJ
    to fetch water, which can call water from nearby water sources. But this spell is only taught in the advanced class of magic spells in the sixth grade of Hogwarts, not everyone Wizards know it, and it is difficult to use it in desert areas where there is no water around.It is precisely because of the convenience of the spell that Hogsmeade did not learn from the Muggle village, and built a well or a fountain in the center of the village, because it was unnecessary.Although this is completely enough for their own consumption, if foreign tourists who come to watch the Triwizard Tournament are held here in the future, it may not be able to meet the needs of so many people just by using wooden barrels to fetch water.As a person with great ambitions to make this Triwizard Tournament an event that the world will talk about many years later, Lockhart certainly cannot tolerateHe's going to make such a small mistake, he's going to reinstall a water system in HogsmeadeOf course, the wizarding world also has a tap water system, the principle is roughly the same as the Muggle piping system, and the time when wizards introduced pipes is roughly the same as the time when Hogwarts was transformed, both in the 18th century.For example, in Hogwarts, one of the boys' bathrooms is on the seventh floor. If there is no running water system, it is hard to imagine Mr. Filch carrying hundreds of buckets of water upstairs every day.The tallest tower in Hogwarts is the Astronomy Tower, the North Tower is the divination classroom and office, the headmaster's office is in a separate small tower, and the Gryffindor Tower and Ravenclaw Tower are the common rooms and dormitories of the two houses. .Therefore, it is not difficult to guess the location of Hogwarts' high water tower. If there is no accident, it should be located in the only tower that has neither offices nor classrooms—the west tower.Professor Flitwick's office is the closest to the west tower. Lockhart guessed that this may be because he is responsible for replenishing dozens of tons of water for the west tower with a magic spell every morning. Of course, Flitwick will definitely not use 
   clear water like a spring
    , but will use 
   water jet Aqua_EruicTThe Ministry of Magic is relatively easy to solve - because it is located in London, it can directly use the Muggle water pipe system, and because the Ministry of Magic is underground, they don't even need to pressurize the water, but it is located on the eighth floor of the Ministry of Magic The 
   Magic Brothers Fountain
    in the lobby is proof of that.Hogwarts can use towers for water towers, and the Ministry of Magic is underground in London, so they only need to solve the water problem to get running water.But there are no particularly tall buildings in the Hogsmeade village, and the only advantage is that it is very close to the water source.So if he wanted to introduce a water system, Lockhart could only use the same method as the ancient Romans to build aqueducts one by one.Chapter 160 The Economic Foundation of the Wizarding WorldThe Ministry of Magic had granted Lockhart 300 Galleons, which would certainly be enough to build an elevated aqueduct, and even if he bargained harder, the masons could spare him a fountain.But the problem is that Lockhart can't spend all 300 Galleons on this thing. There are too many places to prepare for the Triwizard Tournament. If he spends it all on water diversion, then his ambitious plan There is no way to expand at all.For this? He has to think of something more.When he got back to the Shrieking Shack, Dobby had already made breakfast and had been waiting for him for a long time.Fried bacon, eggs, two slices of toast and a bunch of cherry tomatoes, although not complicated, Lockhart couldn't help but be overwhelmed by the degree of deliciousness.It seems that there is a reason why all pure-blood families want house-elves. No matter who they are, after being served to this level, they will feel lazy and become dependent.Just as he started to eat, the big black dog that was hiding behind the door finally woke up.It opened its mouth quite humanely, yawned, then rolled over and sat up, raising its paws, as if it wanted to rub its eyes.But when it saw Lockhart who was eating breakfast, it froze all over, as if remembering something, then put its front paws down again, and quickly flicked the fur on its body a few times, just like an ordinary dog .Lockhart, absorbed in his newspaper, ignored him.He mainly looks at information on oil prices. Since the end of the Gulf War in 1991, the 
   recalcitrant
    Iraq was defeated because its oil wells were unable to produce and vacated.The gap in international oil trading that has been opened is also occupied by OPEC, and the power of oil pricing has since been completely transferred to the hands of the Middle East, Europe and the United States, and even the newly born Russia needs to rely on it.The Soviet Union disintegrated, and Iraq was easily defeated by the U.S. military using asymmetrical warfare. At this time, the U.S. could be said to be invincible in the world. Even the military of a certain eastern country lost its voice for a while, so it had to curl up and secretly study the tactics of the U.S. military.With a strong military, it naturally has the right to speak politically. The New York Oil Trading Center also uses this to control nearly [-]% of the world's oil trading volume.And 
   allies
    such as the United Kingdom can only temporarily avoid the edge and follow the United States to pick up some leftovers.The reason why the world's second largest oil trading center in London can keep its trading volume is because the North Sea still produces oil, and the oil in many countries in the Middle East, Africa, and Europe is priced with reference to it, so it can keep a part of it. pricing power.Among the oils that are priced with reference to the 
   spot Brent crude oil price
    in long-term contracts, the role of African oil is very important. In Nigeria alone, there are Bonny Light Oil, Bonny Petroleum, Brass River Crude Oil, Esclavos crude oil, Forcados crude oil, Pennington crude oil, Ibodo crude oil and other varieties.Whether these oil products can be traded in London is very important to the British, and they rely on this to pinch the balls of the entire European people.Lockhart has been thinking about where wizards should start if they want to maintain a 
   free but not lacking in cooperation
    distance from the Muggle world.A truly stable relationship requires both parties to rely on each other and be able to benefit from mutual exchanges and cooperation. Otherwise, even if the two parties have to unite temporarily under the influence of some external forces, they will fall apart immediately after the external forces disappear.What is happening now is that Muggles have survived for hundreds of years even without the things produced by the wizarding world, and they have flourished even more since the Industrial Revolution.But on the contrary, the wizarding world is in great need of things produced by Muggles—from agricultural products to common raw materials and simple industrial products, they all need them. Even if the wizarding world has alternative spells and items, the high cost of manpower and material resources will Let wizards choose to use cheap Muggle creations.As Carnegie, the American steel magnate, said:    Two pounds of iron are mined from Lake Superior and shipped to Pittsburgh, 900 miles away; a pound and a half of coal is mined, made into coke, and shipped to Pittsburgh; Pittsburgh; a small amount of ore is mined in Virginia and shipped to Pittsburgh--out of these four pounds make a pound of steel for which the consumer pays only a penny.
   Although the wizard can use magic to mine ore and smelt steel, in any case, even if only one person is used from beginning to end, he cannot reduce the cost of this pound of steel to 1 cent.1 cent, which is half a Knut, and a copy of the 
   Daily Prophet
    is much more expensive than this, and judging from the consumption of steel by wizards, such a low price cannot even pay for labor costs.Minpa later became inflationary, and the price of a pound of mammoth steel rose to 24 cents, and 12 Knuts was not a profit margin acceptable to wizards. If they wanted to use steel, they would definitely go directly to a Muggle hardware store to buy it.Since wizards need to import from the Muggle world in terms of fast-moving daily necessities and raw materials for production, this means that the economic foundation of the wizarding world is actually built on the Muggle economic foundation, regardless of whether the pure-blood families admit it or not. Admit that it's all the same.As Dumbledore wrote in the preface to 
   Where are the Fantastic Beasts
   , Muggles alone can raise nearly 8 million pounds, or about 5000 million Galleons, for a charity foundation that funds comedy. And the money that the foundation gave to the Silent Book Company in the end was only a small amount, but this figure was enough to silence the entire wizarding world.From the pure-blood family to the Ministry of Magic, everyone seems to have suddenly forgottenI also made the 
   Secrecy Act
    and acquiesced to sell the textbook 
   Where to Find Fantastic Beasts
    in the wizarding world as an absurd fantasy novel to the Muggle world.Since this is the reality, Lockhart no longer intends to slap his swollen face to pretend to be fat.If he were to be the Minister of Magic, he would obediently take advantage of the fact that the Muggle Prime Minister was still being fooled, put on a friendly gesture, and shout 
   Let's be good friends, local tyrants.
   Of course, kneeling and licking without a bottom line will not gain respect from the wizarding world, just like licking a dog will never win the favor of a goddess.In order to get the attention of the Muggle world, the wizarding world must show a strong side in military, cultural, and economic aspects. Only in this way can the logic of 
   I have a gun in my hand, but you don't
    be left in those minds. Politicians wake up.Not to mention that after the Muggle world learned of the existence of the wizarding world, it is absolutely impossible to let it exist under the nose for a long time, because it is 
   uncontrollable
   If the wizarding world can slowly master Nigerian oil under Lockhart's plan, then the British financial community will definitely look at the wizards with admiration.
    Even if it is to fight against the New York Petroleum Exchange, they will choose to win over the wizards—the status is This way.In addition, Lockhart has many big plans—such as cooperation in military, intelligence, medical treatment, and health care products. These are still in the strong period of wizards for the time being. The last advantage of the wizarding world may also be wiped out, and even if they want to cooperate again, their cards will disappear.Oil prices will be relatively stable in recent years, which is a good opportunity for wizards. If the layout can be completed before the financial crisis in 98, then the wizarding world can officially extend its tentacles to the Muggle world.After putting down the newspaper, Lockhart found that Sirius Black's black dog was sitting in front of the dining table, staring at the plate in front of Lockhart, eyes full of infinite desire.Boy, where is your dignity?Lockhart looked sideways.So he picked up the remaining pieces of bacon on the plate with a fork, intending to pass it under the table, but when he lifted it halfway, he remembered that it was not respectful, so he put the whole plate on the ground.
   Dobby!
    he yelled deliberately at the house-elf. 
   Didn't I say I don't like overcooked bacon, and you see—it shrinks!
   
   I'm so sorry, master, that Dobby pricked his hand with a fork.
   
   Stop it... I'm going out to meet customers today, and you will wash this dog for me as you said yesterday!
   
   Okay, as ordered.
   Then, Lockhart threw the 
   Financial Daily
    and 
   Daily Prophet
    aside in his hand - he knew that Sirius would definitely read these newspapers when no one was there.Next, he wrote a letter to his brother-in-law William, telling him the progress of the oil well development, allowing him to open an account in the futures market. company's name.Sniffing can find gold and treasure, they hope the name will bring them good luckIf possible, I hope you can establish a good relationship with people who specialize in oil futures. If there are related dances, clubs, and alumni associations, then just join them, and don’t be afraid to spend money...
    Lockhart wrote in the letter wrote in.Chapter 160 Six Blindfolding the Donkey's EyesImmediately after breakfast, Mr. Davis prepared refreshments, waiting for Lockhart's visit.Of course, Lockhart has to fulfill the contract. He agreed to visit but didn't go, which is as serious as letting the readers dove.If you want to continue in this business for a long time, this kind of reputation cannot be bad.For the sake of business, he received warm hospitality from the other party.After exchanging pleasantries with Mr. Dewes for a while, Lockhart brought up the 
   business
    in a businesslike manner■■
   Now I'm a staff member of the Ministry of Magic's 
   International Tournament Organizing Office
   , responsible for the preliminary work of an international competition...
   
   International Wizards Duel Competition?
    Both De Weiss and Mr. Bans were overjoyedHogwarts just held the Dueling Club last year: their business has increased several times, and it is hard to imagine how prosperous their business will be if they hold international competitions.   I'm afraid it won't be as good, but it's about the same. There will be many foreigners coming to Hogwarts to watch the match, but there won't be too many people participating in the match...I should keep this matter a secret.
   Lockhart seemed to think of something after speaking halfway, so he added another sentence.The two shopkeepers exchanged glances, and then turned their heads together:    Don't worry, we will keep the secret for you.
   Lockhart smiled, and his smile was full of hints:    Of course I believe that you can keep the secret... In short, let's look at the business first. The first step is to represent the Ministry of Magic and Hogwarts and build a water system in the village , which is the equipment we need to clearSingle... Look at it. 
   Mr. Davis took the list, glanced at it, and frowned.
   Water towers, wind booster pumps, Polyethylene pipes... sounds like Muggle stuff.
   As a person who specializes in tinkering and repairing various objects, he is no stranger to Muggle things. There are even Muggle bicycles and propeller blades in his shop, so he can recognize them at a glance.
   It's Muggle stuff. The whole set costs about £800, or 00 Galleons,
    Lockhart said.
   Why do you want to buy Muggle things?
    De Weiss asked inexplicably, 
   You can let us do it, and then turn the mud into stones to make a pool, and fill it with clean water like a spring every day.
   In that case, we would need to pay you 200 galleons for the construction, and we would have to hire someone to fill the pool every day, which would cost an extra 40 galleons a month, right?
    Lockhart asked rhetorically.Davis fell silent.
   But after changing this system, we only need to check it once a year, use 
   clean and new
    on the water pipe once, and use 
   repair as new
    on the windmill bearing, and it doesn't even take 10 minutes before and after.
    Lockhart continued Added another sentence.Mr. Bance shrugged:    I remember you came to discuss business with us? If you want to buy Muggle things, we don't seem to need us.
   
   If Muggle construction crews could go into Hogsmeade, I think I would.oo That's why I want you two to be responsible for building this system. 
   Lockhart emphasized to them that he didn't have outside staff not because of the cost, but because Muggles couldn't enter.Of course, what he didn't tell these two wizards is that according to the current labor cost in the UK, it is very likely that the purchase of materials will only cost a few hundred pounds, but the installation fee will also costHundreds of pounds.The two immediately refused:    But we don't understand how the Muggle plumbing system is made, and we have never done it.
   
   Just learn, and I'll pay you.
    Lockhart said succinctly, 
   To be honest, our budget for this project is 200 Galleons. The more money you save, the more money you can make for yourself.
    More...you guys will help me, right?
   
   But we really...
   
   
   
Chapter 78   
   
   
   Don't rush to answer immediately.
    Lockhart interrupted them, 
   This time the Ministry of Magic is planning to adopt the 
   officially designated sole partner
    system for some tournament consumables, that is to say, only those who participate in the tournament construction We only allow sponsors and companies in the competition to sell items to contestants and foreign tourists, and enjoy preferential treatment in advertising. 
   Although the Ministry of Magic is still at a loss as to how to organize such events, since Lockhart has joined the job, his plan is the Ministry's plan. If anyone dares to question it, let him go to Barty Crouch Bar.
   Official...partner?
    The two asked hesitantly, 
   Can you specify the product■
   Of course.
    Lockhart showed confidence, 
   Even the right to report on the game is in our hands. No matter which media, as long as they want to take pictures, they must take pictures of the sponsor's logo. And before the game, the commentator Members will also read the sponsor's name and commercial lines - think about it, this is a live broadcast to the world.Although this 
   world
    may only have 30 to 50 people, Lockhart added in his mind.It can be seen that De Weiss and Bans are both moved.
   Let's think about it, shall we?
    they asked. 
   We're in our teens, and it's too much to relearn Muggles...
   
   Of course, but I hope to get an answer within a week, after all, the schedule is tight.
   Lockhart did not immediately force the other party to make a decision, he believed that the other party would weigh it clearly.If they didn't do it, then Lockhart would have to go to the Weizeac brothers, who were much more accepting of Muggle things than the residents of Hogsmeade.But Lockhart can't do this right away, because he wants to prevent the Weizeac brothers from monopolizing, no matter how good their relationship with him is, and the magic equipment and equipment of the Triwizard Tournament must not only find one sponsor .—Once the Wieseac brothers think that they can only find them, even if they don't open their mouths and try their best to lower the price this time, they will inevitably fall into a disadvantage in future negotiations in other aspects. This is not a good thing.The way of power is balance, Lockhart thought.Building an elevated aqueduct is just the beginning. Lockhart will use this method to tell the residents of Hogsmeade that he is going to make a major renovation of Hogsmeade village. Those who want to make money and want to try a new way Those who have things come quickly.Only by allowing a group of people to taste the sweetness first, can Lockhart persuade the British wizarding community to reform, and allow wizards to take the last bus before the Muggle Internet age comes.Otherwise, after the advent of chiral microstructure materials, aerospace technology, biological cell technology, and invincible big data analysis, wizards really can only shrink in the corner of the Muggle world.Chapter 160 SevenBack at the Shrieking Shack, Lockhart glanced inside, but couldn't find anyone around.Just when he felt a little strange, there was a sound from behind the house, as if something was splashing in the water.When he went over to look, he found that there was indeed something bouncing in the water—Sirius Black was splashing the water, and kept avoiding a metal ring in Dobby's hand.
   What are you doing?
    Lockhart couldn't help asking.Dobby immediately apologized when he saw Lockhart:    I'm sorry, master! Dobby was afraid that it might bite, so he wanted to put a collar on it and put a rope on it by the way...
   Lockhart almost went crazy with laughter:    It seems that you feed too little wine, not enough.The question mark on Dobby's head:    But when it was thrown into the barrel just now, it was obviously motionless, and Dobby thought it would be very good.
   Sirius Black had black hair—of course he wouldn't refuse a bath, but putting a collar on him was more than he could bear, so of course he would.But then again, Dobby almost got it just now.At that time, Blake had just eaten a leftover meal of haggis, mashed potatoes and butter, and had been given two gulps of beer. Dobby put it in the hot water bucket to take a bath again, which made him too comfortable and lost his vigilance.Cooked food, hot bath, and the service of house elves, Blake feels as if he has returned to his school days, and he is still the carefree young master, making troubles and doing reckless things with his friends all day long.But when the cold metal ring was around his neck, he felt something was wrong and began to struggle hard.His plan was to find an opportunity to sneak into Hogwarts while Lockhart and Dobby were out and he was 
   watching the house
   , but he didn't expect that the house elf was going to make his own way and put a collar on himself.Damn it, the house-elf dared to make up his own mind!Blake thought angrily.Fortunately, Lockhart came back in time to rescue him.Newell's in a hurry, Dobby, and the jackals aren't quick to obey. 
   Lockhart said to Dobby, 
   And if you do this, it will be very hostile to you in the future...
   Sirius Black immediately bared his teeth when he heard the words, and yelled at Dobby, as if to confirm what Lockhart said.Lockhart suddenly became playful. He wondered if he said 
   wild dogs have the habit of eating shit
    and threw a pile of shit in front of it, would Black bear the burden of humiliation and throw the pile of shit eat it.But after thinking about it, he still tried his best to hold back this tempting thought. Although it is fun to tease people, it is not good to be seen by others.What he can be sure of is that Blake will definitely make some small moves while he is away, so he might as well let him do it, so as to add some fun to his boring political career this year.The matter of putting a collar on Sirius was left alone, and the residents of Hogsmeade village were used to the fact that Lockhart had an extra watchdog in his office, even if the dog was quite ugly. Auspicious black.Anyway, Sirius has always behaved very well in front of outsiders, and basically doesn't yell at others, so everyone doesn't bother to care about it.After two nights of trysts with Rosmerta, the two partners, De Weiss and Bance, finally made up their minds.They came to Lockhart's office and expressed their willingness toWilling to take over the renovation of Hogsmeade's water piping systemAs a specific worker, Bans said he had something to say:   I looked at the operation manual on the Muggle side. It's not as difficult as I imagined. We just need to connect the pipes and bury them with a tunneling spell... The water tower can be erected by the lake, and then the water can be pumped by a wind machine. Bring it up. The Muggles recommended a rotating turbine fan to us, but that was too expensive and we couldn't figure out how it works, so we're going to use an old-fashioned fan with canvas wings.
   
   Then, can you understand the principle of this old-fashioned fan?
    Lockhart interrupted suddenly.Mr. Bans seemed to be stunned by the question, and he hesitated for a while before answering him.
   When, of course, it was the wind blowing on the sloping airfoil, which produced that .oo talc...
   
   Torque.
    Mr. Davis hastily covered it for him.
   Yeah, torque, then pull the piston with the belt and suck the water up.
    Bans hastened to say the rest of what he knew.Lockhart suspected that if he asked him to calculate the moment arm, speed and water-lifting efficiency of the fan, Mr. Bance would kill himself immediately.I don't know why Hogwarts never taught mathematics, not even arithmetic, but directly took an unknown number and accounted for - and this class only needed simple addition, subtraction, multiplication and division.That's right, the practical part of the magic class requires precise movements and full of emotions, just like a Muggle dance class, while reciting spells requires clear articulate words and full of emotions, which is nothing like foreign language poetry recitation class different.After careful calculation, Hogwarts provides students with proper stylistic and artistic education, but no science education at all. No wonder Hermione once said when reasoning about Snape's potion that 
   wizards are not good at logic.
    Thinking
   , liberal arts students and art students reallyIt is a kind of people who are insulated from science.Of course, this may also be due to the fact that Master Rowling, the prophet, is not good at mathematics.Lockhart couldn't help deserting—could it be that the reason for the lagging development of the wizarding world was the lack of scientific thinking?If that's the case, will I make up this lesson for the wizarding world in the future?Although because of a certain work, many people like to use the 
   science side
    and 
   magic side
    to declare that science and magic are incompatible, but in fact the essence of 
   science
    is a research method of negation and negation, which can be falsified , rather than a specific 
   technology
    as long as magic can be perceived, then it can be studied using scientific methods.Mr. Davis' cough brought Lockhart's consciousness back to reality, and he remembered that there were still two guests waiting for his reply.
   No problem... As I said, no matter how much you spend on this project, I will give you 200 Galleons, and the rest will be your profit.
    Lockhart promised.The faces of the two immediately showed joy.Although Lockhart knew the cost of the raw materials they bought, he didn't know that De Weiss and Bans had decided to imitate the fans in the hands of Muggles, and they could make many parts of this water diversion project by themselves.Except for the 
   polyethylene pipe
    of unknown material and the thing called 
   ball bearing
    that they don't know how to do, everything else can be done by themselves, which allows them to reduce the cost to less than 50 Galleons.
   And the 'designated partner' thing?
    Davis pressed.Lockhart made an extremely generous look:    Of course! As long as you can produce a high-quality tap water system, then of course you are a qualified 
   supplier
    for the competition. Next, you only need to bid with Weizeac can be upgraded to
   Sponsor'...
   
   Wait
    Mr. Davis opened his mouth wide, 
   Didn't you say that there is a designated sole partner?
    
   Lockhart pretended to be surprised:    Is there? Oh, yes, I said that the Ministry of Magic is indeed planning to implement the 
   sole designated partner system
   , but that requires sponsorship fees! And a little sponsorship fee can only make You become 
   sponsors
   , and you can only get an exclusive contract after paying a lot of sponsorship fees, such as overwhelming the quotations of the Wieseeck brothers.
   
   Then what are we?
    Bans couldn't help it.Eight qualified suppliers' Ah! Lockhart shrugged, 
   You can show people all over the world the excellent quality of your products, and tourists who have used this water system will also promote your reliability—we will also allow you to post your trademarks, and Under the name of 
   Ministry of Magic Certified Qualified Supplier
   , publicize to the outside worldThe two store owners were at a loss:    Is that so? We thought that as long as we participated in the construction project...
   
   You've also made money from this construction project, haven't you?
    Lockhart instead looked at them with a strange look, 
   Don't tell me, you took this project for free, or you bought raw materials plus labor The fee has already exceeded 200 Galleons.
   
   Not really, but...
   Mr. Bans had to be more honest. He opened his mouth to express his thoughts, but was forced back by De Weiss eyes.De Weiss took a deep breath:    Okay, Mr. Lockhart, may I ask how much sponsorship fee we have to pay to get the title of 
   sponsor
   ? 
   What about Sole Designated Partner'? And what good are we getting these titles?
   Lockhart secretly smiled inwardly.What he's using with these two is a basic technique called 
   gambler's psychology.
    Put down your chips.But once they put their chips in, the desire for 
   profit
    and unwillingness to 
   lose
    will make them sink deeper and deeper, until they can't recover if they want to stop.Now De Weiss and Bans have learned a Muggle technology, spent a lot of time and energy, and also reached a high-profit engineering contract with Lockhart, which undoubtedly increased their time. cost.Lockhart could assure them that they would never stop now, because it would only make them look like fools.
   In addition to having all the rights of a 
   qualified supplier
   , the sponsor will also have the resources to occupy the publicity channels of the game-such as arranging billboards around the game venue and having the narrator mention your store's advertisements in his speech, For this, you have to pay at least 300 Galleons as a franchise fee.As for the 
   only designated partner
   , it is even more powerful... The Minister of Magic will introduce and sell your products to the VIPs who come to watch the game when receiving foreign guests, and your products will be displayed in the 
   Commodity Fair
    in the middle of the game Put it on display at position C.As an important point, any other trademarks and advertisements of similar products will be refused to appear during the competition—if some advertisements are accidentally photographed by reporters, we will order them to change the photos.How about it, interesting enough? 
   
   It's really interesting... It's just that we don't know yet. What's the name of your damn game? Also, how many tourists and media coverage does it attract?
    De Weiss asked this question through gritted teeth.
   Sorry, according to the rules of the Ministry of Magic, it will be kept secret for the time being, De Weiss, unless you are willing to sign a non-disclosure agreement first.
    Lockhart said to him.
   Merlin's beard!
    De Weiss didn't know whether to laugh or cry, 
   Even this must be kept a secret? You want to hold an unprecedented competition, but you didn't even do any publicity before the competition?
   
   Thank you Paracelsus! I thought so too. You said what I wanted to say, but unfortunately I dare not complain publicly.
    Lockhart said with a playful smile.
   Listen, if someone else dared to talk to me like that, I would have left long ago! If it weren't for the club you ran last year...
   
   Don't worry, the scale of the competition to be held next year is definitely more than ten times that.
   But you won't...
   
   Confidentiality agreement...
   - The big black dog lying on the ground next to them listened to the heated debate of these people, and wagged its tail in boredom.It turns out that his name is Lockhart... This kid is pretty bad!Chapter 160 Eighth Hogsmeade Comprehensive Upgrade PlanIn the end, Dewes and Mr. Bans walked away in anger, leaving Lockhart alone who was still smiling.Although the two left angrily, they finally agreed to participate in the bidding meeting, and said that 
   the 200 Galleons will be counted as the sponsor's advance payment.
   In other words, Lockhart earned a water line for Hogsmeade without spending a penny.Although he knew that it was impossible for these two people to spend 200 Galleons to build such a pipeline, this did not prevent Lockhart from taking this number as his 
   political achievement
    and writing it in the fundraising log of the Triwizard Tournament.
   Devis-Bans Magic Supply Store, donate... a water line worth 200 Galleons... ready to bid for the designated partner of household equipment and magic equipment... As a first round, this result is not bad, isn't it, Dobby ?”
   Yes, wise master.
   Without thinking, Dobby followed with a sycophant he'd been practicing for a long time at the Malfoys' house.The big dog lying on the ground rolled his eyes quite humanely after hearing the words.Lockhart's behavior, including manipulating people, reminded Sirius of his parents, a proper behavior pattern of members of the Snake Sect.Of course Lockhart noticed the fact that Dewes no longer called him 
   Gidero
    but called him 
   Lockhart
    by his surname, which meant a kind of psychological alienation.But so what?Are those who want to work afraid of offending others?Only crappy politicians try to please everyone.Lockhart can be tolerant and easygoing in some ways, but that doesn't mean he fightsEven if he changed his work style to 
   easy-going
   , it was like when he faced the students at Hogwarts.The so-called easy-going people must not be respected, because they seem to be tolerant, but in fact they have no principles and positions, so others usually don't consider their feelings when thinking about problems, because 
   he can do whatever he wants
   Such people are often vague about their reasonable needs and reality; or because of some kind of moral constraints, they feel ashamed of the true views in their hearts and feel that they owe others; or simply because they are timid and want to avoid conflicts with others .But in fact, the more a person wants to avoid conflict, the greater the price he has to pay in the end.Only by expressing oneself bravely on the basis of respecting facts, not being afraid of negotiations and conflicts, and telling others why they deserve to be respected, can this person truly grow.Lockhart could observe that when he went to the Three Broomsticks again, the people around him no longer looked at him as they did in the past, treating him like a rare and exotic beast, but with a hint of curiosity.This was accompanied by whispers every time he passed a few tables.The village of Hogsmeade is not big. Even if it is 
   the only village inhabited by pure wizards in England
   , its resident population will not exceed [-], and there are not as many students as Hogwarts.In this kind of small village, there are usually no so-called secrets. Even a pig in a certain household can spread to all families within half a day, let alone a project.So even though Dewes and Bans both signed non-disclosure agreements, everyone still learned about it through various means—that is, they got a contract from the Ministry of Magic, the content of which was for Hogsmeade for remodeling.
   What do you think?
    Rosmerta asked Lockhart curiously, 
   It's not far to go to the lake to fetch water. I brew so much wine every day, but I only need two hours of water.ten barrels. 
   
   But once it's a holiday, your wine storage will be bought up by little wizards.
    Lockhart said, stroking her hair, 
   Besides, I bet your village will be overwhelmed if there are two hundred more people. , At that time, no one can fetch water for you.
   It's impossible to have so many people.
    Rosmerta seemed a little disapproving, 
   There are less than 400 teachers and students in Hogwarts, the first and second graders are not eligible to come, and the seniors are busy with their studies, and most of them They're all tired.
   
   But if there's an influx of 1000 people, you won't even have a place to live here.
    Lockhart stared out the window, 
   You'd better expand the house, Rosmer Tower, and build a... er... How about a fifth floor? 
   Although it is said that the wizarding world can build houses without visual structures to a certain extent, such as Diagon Alley Gringotts and The Burrow, this does not mean that all wizards are qualified to do so.
   
   
Chapter 79   
   
   If there is a sufficient source of magic power, they can even cast the traceless expansion spell on all the houses, but the price is that after the spell expires, everything inside is crushed, and so are people.Therefore, the Ministry of Magic has always prohibited the use of the traceless stretching spell in the private field, especially in buildings. Only manufacturers that are supervised by the Ministry of Magic or have obtained a production license are allowed to produce items with the traceless stretching spell.For example, tents used for camping in the Quidditch game, official vehicles of the Ministry of Magic, and suitcases produced by Weizeac, etc., as well as important wizarding publics such as the Ministry of Magic, St. Mungo’s Hospital, and Hogwarts. place.Strictly speaking, things like Lockhart and the Weasleys' car, and Hermione's beaded purse are illegal to cast the Stretching Charm.So Lockhart would suggest that Rosmerta expand the house instead of casting a spell on the existing house.
   Why is it the fifth floor?
    Rosmerta asked mockingly, 
   Can't it be higher?■
   No, if it exceeds the fifth floor, the height of the water tower will not be able to generate enough water pressure.
    Lockhart replied solemnly, as if he didn't hear the irony in her tone at all.Rosmerta almost lost his patience.
   You're crazy!
    she asked violently, 
   Why build so many houses? Usually no one lives there.
   Because the wizarding population is too small, the wizarding world doesn't even have a dedicated 
   hotel
   . Travelers can only stay at the homes of friends they know, or in pubs.Rosmerta's tavern, like the Leaky Cauldron, is responsible for half of the hotel.
   I must warn you that there will be many people next...
   
   You mean your damn tournament, right? Even if it attracts hundreds of rich foreign tourists to our place, how long will they stay here? Half a month? A month? Three months?
   
   Maybe more than half a year.
    Lockhart replied dryly.
   Well, that's half a year.
   Rosmerta didn't want to entangle Lockhart in such details. Even if she wanted to entangle, she would only entangle him in the thicker places:    Then what about half a year later? I will guard the vacant three floors and go upstairs every day.
    Clean it twice? Now I'm tired enough of cleaning these two floors!
   
   Well... if you believe me, I'll find customers for it in the future, and they will definitely be rich customers.
    Lockhart promised.Rosmerta didn't believe it at all. Although she knew that Lockhart was good at fighting against black magic and all kinds of gestures that excited her, as for his administrative ability...she had never experienced it.
   You'd better keep hiding it from me until I know that there are still a group of me in the wizarding world.
   Rich people I don't know. ' she said mockingly.Lockhart shrugged:    Look, don't you already know who I'm going to invite?
   Chapter 160 IX RejectedBecause Rosmerta didn't believe he could do it, Lockhart decided to spend the night at the Three Broomsticks in order to punish her.He wanted to use practical actions to force her to forgive her, but the proprietress was obviously someone who had seen big waves, so she easily put this internationally renowned wizard who had never been knocked down by a black wizard on the wooden couch.After the 
   defeat
   , Lockhart couldn't help thinking, if the Death Eaters were half as capable as her, then he would never dare to be an enemy of them, but would switch to the enemy camp early.After the cloud cleared, Lockhart leaned on the back of the bed and entered the sage time when he began to think about life.
   Rosmerta.
    He asked very abruptly, 
   Have you ever thought about... oo er, that... lifelong event?
   Rosmerta looked at him in surprise:    What do you want to say?
   
   I mean...you see, I'm not young anymore, and everyone tells me that I should start a family...
    Lockhart stammered, 
   I think it's better for people to settle down early, and you Similarly, I also have enough conditions for two people, or even more people to have a good life...
   Rosmerta looked at him blankly, then burst out laughing.
   Are you proposing to me? Here?
    she asked amusedly. 
   Do you know how old I am?
   
   Does it matter?
    Lockhart dismissed it. 
   As wizards, we have plenty of ways to live until we don't want to. In the long years, the gap of teenagers and the gap of a day or two are nothing. The difference. Besides, even on the Muggle side, there are examples of 82-year-olds marrying 28-year-old partners. I don’t think it’s an obstacle
   No, no, you didn't understand what I meant.
    Rosmerta chuckled, 
   Since you know my age, you should think about why I haven't gotten married until now.
   
   Whatever, anyway, I feel that you look younger than my second sister who is only two years older than me...
   
   Don't play tricks, don't interrupt.
    Rosmerta interrupted him, 
   For our family, there are always only two things to worry about, and that is 
   wealth
    and housing and education
   
   Could it be, birth, ooo
   ' does not include 'family'. 
   Rosmerta smiled, 
   Before 
   The Three Broomsticks
   , the name of this bar was 
   Two Broomsticks: It was run by my mother.   At Hogwarts, only the veterans like Dumbledore and Professor Slughorn know about this... Oh, I forgot, Professor Slughorn has already retired. 
   Does this have any meaning? 
    Lockhart couldn't help asking.
   It turns out that you also have something you don't know-in fact, only witches ride brooms at first, not wizards...By the way, my child will definitely not be a man.
    Rosmerta pointed.Lockhart:    !
   
   In short, if I have a child in the future, I won't let you know who her father is...No one will know.
    Rosmerta added.
   Wait!
    Lockhart began to have a headache, 
   If you don't know who the father of the child is, who will be responsible for her?
   
   It depends on the men's sense of responsibility.
    Rosmerta said lightly, 
   It's best for all men to think that it's his child, or at least keep such a 
   possibility
   . ;No matter who this child asks for help in the future, the other party will not refuse...just like me. 
   What she added at the end made Lockhart think a lot—it’s no wonder that an ordinary tavern proprietress has such a wide network of contacts. It seems that 
   Rosmerta
    is not uncommon as the god of wealth and fertility in Celtic mythology reason.
   So, I can't agree to your marriage proposal, Gilderoy, and I can't accept your surname, and besides...
   Having said that, Rosmerta was silent for a while.Lockhart couldn't help but look at her, only to find that Rosmerta was rubbing his temples, his mouth tightly shut.
   What else?
   Rosmerta hesitated, but opened his mouth again.
   In addition, you should find someone with feelings to marry, not for the so-called responsibilities imposed on you by society and family, you have the ability to refuse. Unlike those pure blood, and not like me, there are some things that cannot be refused. You There is no reason to jump back after standing at a height that others cannot reach.
   Probably because she spoke the truth, so Lockhart was too embarrassed to say those false words to fool and prevaricate her.She is right, she and she have never had so-called feelings, and now she wants to get married only because of the 
   well-intentioned persuasion
    of her mother, colleagues and friends
   I just feel that I will never find the so-called 'perfect person' in my life, so... see a good one and want to... hmm. ' explained Lockhart.
   Don't tell me this, and I don't want to hear it.
    Rosmerta stopped his words, 
   It's unnecessary, we've already talked too much.
   The reason why ambiguity is ambiguous is because everyone knows that it will make things worse if they are clear, so they pretend to be stupid.Seeing her resolute attitude, Lockhart had no choice but to change the subject.
   Okay, but to be honest, you really need to expand the tavern, and at least five viewing rooms need to be built. After the tournament is over, I won't let the infrastructure built by Hogsmeade go to waste, After all, this is the only pure wizarding village in the UK, and my future political base will depend on it, so I won't joke about it... okay?
   Rosmerta glanced at Lockhart, and reluctantly agreed to him after seeing that he really wasn't joking.
   Ok.
   After sneaking out of Rosmerta's tavern through the back door, Lockhart realized that the morning seemed unusually cold.The distance between the Three Broomsticks and the Screaming Shack is not too far away, and it can be said that they are the two buildings closest to the train station in Hogsmeade, so Lockhart was surprised when he walked on the path. His office was crowded with people.As soon as these people saw Lockhart, they greeted him from a distance, and their expressions were anxious.
   Lockhart, where have you been! Take care of these guys!
    a young wizard yelled at Lockhart.Lockhart recognized it as an employee of the Owl Post Office.
   Sorry, I went to have breakfast... what happened?
    he asked the group
   What else? Dementors! You didn't say they could still enter the village!said the post office clerk angrily. 
   My owls have been restless for a long time!
   
   Yes!
    The owner of Zuko's joke shop was also very dissatisfied, 
   How can I do business with this kind of thing in the village?
   Lockhart sighed.The Ministry of Magic's decision to use Dementors to 
   defend
    Hogwarts was a collective decision, as the Ministry simply had no more manpowerAlthough Lockhart disapproved of the resolution deep down, he had to agree with the Ministry of Magic in front of these 
   outside the system
   .He has been taught by others, but there is no way, as long as he is still working in the Ministry of Magic, he must bear the blame, even if he is actually a member of the Department of International Magical Affairs Cooperation.
   Gentlemen...and ladies, unfortunately, until Sirius Black is re-arrested, this place will probably remain like this.
   Chapter 170 The Dementors Settle inThe people in Hogsmeade had no objection to the use of dementors to defend Hogsmeade, or they had no feeling at all.Because in their view, it is the same whether the Ministry of Magic sends people or magical creatures to guard them.But it wasn't until the dementors settled in the village that they realized that the difference was really too bigEven if they don't enter the village, they can have a huge impact on the life and business of the villagers, let alone wait until they enter the village.So they immediately began to surround the only representative of the Ministry of Magic in Hogsmeade - that is, Lockhart.
   Gidero, you have to find a way to deal with them!
    They all complained to Lockhart.Lockhart didn't mind having these people around him, although it would keep him busy and troublesome, but...it also added to his authority, didn't it?When a group of people rely on and can only rely on you to do things, isn't power coming?Lockhart raised his hand, signaling for everyone to be calm.
   Please be quiet... Can anyone tell me where the dementors are gathered now?
    he asked.
   At the train station.
    The boss of Wenrenju replied with a steely face.It's the end of August, but the boss's upper and lower teeth were still shaking when he spoke, as if winter hadn't passed yet
   I just came back from my relatives in Gloucestershire, and I was surrounded by them and 'examined' for ten minutes... But my luggage has already been passed back through the fireplace. Could it be that my robes seem to be able to hold What does the next wanted man look like?
    Hequestioned.
   I'm so sorry.
    Lockhart hastily cast a happy spell to make him feel better, 
   Have some more chocolate later, it will make you feel better. oo I'll go and talk to Rosmer later Ta said to ask her to increase her supply of hot cocoa for a while.
   Lockhart wanted to pass by sloppily, but failed to do so, and someone immediately added:   This won't solve the problem, you have to come up with a plan... At least not let them gather at the station.
   The man's words aroused the approval of the onlookers.Although wizards can disapparate, walk by the fireplace, sit on the broom, touch the door key, or take the knight bus, the boss of Wenrenju obviously doesn't like any of these ways of movingApparition is a relatively advanced magic, not everyone can do it, and if you apparate over a long distance, the risk of splitting is particularly huge, and the rough driving method and long journey time of the knight bus are not liked by some wizards. Riding on a broom and because of the 
   Secrecy Act
   , it is necessary to fly at high altitudes in a state of invisibility, and the icy air in the high altitudes is obviously not very suitable for older wizards like the boss of Wenrenju.Although the fireplace and portkeys are relatively safe, there are indeed wizards with Floo powder and halo teleportation in this world, and there are quite a few of them. Harry Potter himself hates portkeys and apparition very much. He would not have traveled this way at the time.So they would rather take the train, at least more stable.—Once the station is occupied by dementors, at least the number of wizards coming to Hogsmeade by train will definitely decrease a lot, which will have a huge impact on the village's economy.
   Why do they occupy the station?
    Some residents asked their companions strangely.Without Lockhart answering, the owner of the joke shop answered for him first:    Because it's the woodland closest to the lake, dementors like damp, dark, and rotten smells.
   Then why don't these bastards go live in the swamp?
   This time it was Lockhart's turn to explain:    Because there's no...um...food.
   Then he found that everyone was staring at him, waiting for him to give himself an explanation.Well, what should I say? 
   Because the Ministry of Magic's finances are tight, so they invited free dementors to help guard them. For this reason, they secretly borrowed official business to obtain some 
   food
   , and the Ministry of Magic will not care
   ?Just kidding, if he was really 
   honest
   , these people would definitely beat him up without saying a word, even if they couldn't beat Lockhart.This is like marching and fighting in ancient times, the general sometimes had to turn a blind eye to the occasional massacre of villages and indiscriminate killing of innocent people by his subordinates.
    Even if he knows that this is 
   wrong
   , but if the subordinates cannot get enough Good thing, that ghost will work hard for you.No, even if ghosts work for you, ghosts will still benefit from it.So Lockhart knew that as long as the dementors didn't kill people, Fudge would never care about such trivial things as they went to the village every now and then to search for a little 
   food
   .And Dumbledore couldn't object violently - because it was protecting Potter.In other words, no matter who handles this matter, it will not go well. If it is done well, it will be blamed, and if it is not done well, it will be blamed.In this case, the first thing he had to do was to clarify his position—whether he was on the side of the Ministry of Magic, the side of the Dementors, the side of Hogwarts, or the side of Hogsmeade....Do you even need to think about it?
   Obviously, this bunch of garbage from the North Sea is getting carried away.
    Lockhart frowned and said, 
   Although the Ministry of Magic hasn't informed me yet, I don't think they mean it...I'm going to talk to you later. The dementors 
   talk to the heart
   , telling them that dogs should behave like dogs. 
   Lockhart's credit was not bad, and his decisive statement quickly appeased the residents of Hogsmeade.However, the residents also know that it is impossible for the dementors to completely withdraw from Hogsmeade, not to mention that they are also very worried that Sirius Black will enter Hogsmeade and wreak havoc—that guy has blown up the entire Hogsmeade. A ruthless character in a street.
   We trust you to handle them,
    they said.Back in the room, Lockhart stretched out his hand and pulled Sirius up from the carpet without saying a word.Because it was still morning, the big black dog hadn't woken up yet, and after Lockhart suddenly called him up, he was dragged out of the door from the cushion before he could figure out the situation.
   Dobby, keep it under control, I'm going to take it with me to find the dementor!
    Lockhart yelled, 
   If I get entangled by a dementor, you'll have to drag me back with this dog. 
   
   
   
Chapter 80   
   
   
   Yes Master.
   Dobby looked a little worried, because he knew what a dementor was.After hearing the word 
   dementor
   , Sirius lost most of his sleepiness. At this moment, he thought that this Ministry of Magic official named Lockhart recognized him and asked him to be handed over to Azkaban.However, after listening to the second half of Lockhart's sentence, it retracted the teeth that had been exposed for a while, wanting to see what he was planning.Chapter 170 Let the black dog learn to be responsibleOf course Lockhart had to take Sirius with him, because he had to let this guy know how many people his escape had caused.Lockhart didn't know what Dumbledore thought of Black, but Sirius Black really couldn't be regarded as a responsible and rational guy in his eyes. people.
   For a mild-mannered person, you have to make him 
   empathize
   , and simple preaching has little effect.Black had absolutely no idea what Lockhart was up to, but he wasn't too afraid to meet the dementors, provided they didn't put them in their mouths.Dementors have no vision, and can only detect by perceiving human emotions and part of their sense of smell. Therefore, after Sirius turned into a dog, the dementors could not smell human scents or feel human emotions, so they thought he had escaped. In fact, he slipped away when the dementor who delivered the meal opened the cell door to check.Now that Black has determined that the dementors don't perceive him in animal form, and he hasn't revealed himself: it might be a good idea to follow Lockhart to the dementor's whereabouts, so that he can take the opportunity to learn about him. The Dementor's defensive arrangement made it easier for him to enter Hogwarts.After struggling a few times, the big black dog calmed down again, allowing Dobby to drag him with magic, and followed Lockhart to Hogsmeade Station.In order to see the real situation, Lockhart didn't walk across the main road, but walked towards Hogsmeade Station along the railway tracks next to the forest.Even Lockhart, who was 200 meters away, could see that, under the rising sun, puffs of white mist rose out of thin air over Hogsmeade Station, which had been taken care ofOn the dry and refreshing platform, wet water marks are also visible to the naked eye.If nothing else, they guys can turn this place into a swamp in a few weeks.   Dobby, you stay here with the gimmick ball. I'll come back as soon as I go. If I don't come out within half an hour, then send an alarm signal to the Ministry of Magic, and then break in and rescue me.
   Briquettes?Are you talking about me?When did I have such an ugly nickname?■The face of the big black dog suddenly fell down - after being imprisoned for more than ten years, Black's mind has always stayed in the period when he just graduated a few years ago, and he still looks like a big child.Even if it was a nickname for a dog, he didn't want such an ugly one.
   OK.Dobby first replied without thinking, but then realized something was wrong
   Dear master, are you planning to go there alone?
   Why not?
   Newton is that there are too many soulless dirty things, and the master doesn't know the Patronus Charm, let Dobby go in with you! Dobby urged eagerly.
   Ahem!
    Lockhart pretended to cough and signaled Dobby to shut up, 
   Didn't I say, don't reveal my magic level outside, if a wizard lets others know what is written in his spell book, Then he's not far from death...even the Dark Lord.
   Dobby glanced around and felt relieved when he found no one around:    I'm sorry, master, Dobby thought that there was no one around... but it's really dangerous for you to do this.
   As an elf who has practiced with Lockhart for a long time, Dobby still has a certain understanding of Lockhart's magic level, and also knows that Lockhart once practiced the Patronus.Curse for a long time, but the last thing that comes out is always a formless guardian templeLockhart was also puzzled by this. He was obviously very good at self-suggestion, and his magic power should be enough, at least no worse than any fifth-year Hogwarts student, but why couldn't he use the Patronus Charm?He can only attribute it to the same as transfiguration, some people are not suitable for it-even if it is obviously a curse, not transfiguration.However, he still rejected Dobby's kindness:    Forget it, there is no difference between going to one and going to three in this situation. I see that your legs have already started to tremble, and going there will only help.
   
   Oh, I'm sorry, Master, Dobby just... suddenly thought of something bad. o
    Dobby whispered, 
   It feels like I'm back at Malfoy Manor, back to the Dark Lord and the Death Eaters everywhere When disciples...
   
   Yeah, humanoid creatures should also be affected. You don't need to apologize. The one who should apologize is that bastard Sirius Black, who will cause trouble for others. Before he appears, I am afraid that half of the wizarding world will be embarrassed.
    An Ning...Of course, we can't expect that reckless bastard to know what it means to be responsible.
   Lockhart obviously said this to Dobby, but he glanced at Black several times from the corner of his eye.Listening to Lockhart's words, the big black dog suddenly seemed a little uncomfortable.It stretched out its hind legs, scratched its neck, and shook its body again, as if it was troubled by something, then it suddenly took a step, trotted, and followed behind Lockhart.Under Dobby's dull gaze, the big black dog put its paws on Lockhart's trousers, which meant that he had to follow.
   Will you come in with me, briquettes?
    Lockhart bent down.Blackburn wanted to bark in response, but he held back because he wasn't sure if, as a dog, he was supposed to be acting too smart.So he pretended that he didn't understand, and continued to pat his paws.
   What a smart guy!
    Lockhart 
   admired
    said, 
   But you'd better stay with Dobby, you can't put all your eggs in one basket.
   Seeing that the big dog had no intention of taking any action, Dobby also followed:    Master, why don't you let me follow? When it's critical, I can apparate you.
   
   Forget it.
    Lockhart refused. 
   They haven't moved much until now. We don't need to make such a fuss. Besides, I don't think they dare to attack Ministry of Magic staff.
    I'm afraid I'm going to scold them meal...
   Seeing Lockhart's insistence, Dobby had no choice but to stay where he was.5 I, the master recommended by Harry Potter is as brave as he is! Dobby exclaimed.Hearing the word 
   Harry Potter
   , the big black dog moved its ears.This guy really has something to do with his godson...Wait, remember when I went to No. 4 Privet Drive, I seemed to hear the word 
   Lockhart
    from the mouth of the Muggle master. It seemed that this guy took his godson away from the Muggle house?Looking at Lockhart's back, Black suddenly felt that if he continued to wait in Hogsmeade like this, maybe his godson would come to his door.Chapter 170 Two Application Examples of Performative PersonalityLockhart turned and walked towards the station, but he was very calm in his heart.Although his Patronus Charm can still only produce a white mist, he is not afraid of dementors because he has a unique way to deal with dementors.Although many people believe that dementors 
   can grow like fungi from dark places
   , the fact is that since the death of the dark wizard Extis, the island of Azkaban has been officially declared a part of the Royal Society of Magic (the Department of Mysteries of the Ministry of Magic). Since the discovery of the predecessor), the number of dementors has remained at more than 100, neither increasing nor decreasing.Although the Patronus Charm can help wizards avoid dementors, it cannot kill dementors, it can only expel them.And there is no record of anyone alive today who has ever exterminated a Dementor, nor has anyone successfully bred it.Therefore, the number of dementors has not increased in the past 300 years, and there are still more than 100, and these more than 100 are the same batch of Muggle sailors who were imprisoned and tortured to death by Extis. Nothing changes.Perhaps so far, only Dumbledore and Voldemort are the only ones who know more about the nature of dementors.Dumbledore must have known the nature and principle of dementors—just after Voldemort was resurrected, Dumbledore told Fudge that he would definitely join Voldemort's side with Nie Hun, and it was even more so at the end. When being besieged by Fudge, he said 
   I can escape easily even if I go to Azkaban
   , which undoubtedly means that he knows what a dementor is.Coincidentally, on the side of the Death Eaters, just after his resurrection, Voldemort assured his subordinates that the dementors would definitely join the Death Eaters, and his tone was extremely firm, and the subsequent facts also proved what Voldemort said was true.It can be seen that the two wizards standing at the top of the British wizarding world both have a deep understanding of the dementor's nature.They know their qualities and habits well, probably better than they themselves.Interestingly, whether it is Dumbledore or Voldemort, they were fascinated by black magic when they were young, and they both visited the laboratory of the dark wizard Extis on the small island of Azkaban.Since Voldemort's first defeat, the laboratory has been sealed by the Ministry of Magic and handed over to the Department of Mysteries.Lockhart has not been able to visit that laboratory, so he has not been able to understand the mechanism of the dementor in depth. The only thing he can do is to analyze from the 
   known conditions
    and roughly guess what the dementor is. , and how to deal with themIn the Half-Blood Prince, it is mentioned that Harry wrote a dissertation assignment on dealing with dementors, and then waited for Snape, the Defense Against the Dark Arts professor at the time, to give himself a low grade because 
   he and Snape Nep disagrees on dealing with dementors
   Since Harry's method of fighting dementors is 
   Call God's Guard
   , it means that Snape does not recommend using the Patronus Charm to deal with dementors, he has another way to deal with dementors.In addition, no one of the Death Eaters except Snape knew how to use the Patronus Charm, but they were not attacked by the dementors, which also supported Lockhart's guess in disguise.Therefore, after Lockhart found that he could not summon a physical Patronus anyway, he developed another method of dealing with dementors, 
   Lockhart's Special Edition Occlumency
   , in order to isolate the dementors impact on oneself.The core of the added version of Occlumency is the 
   performing personality
    that actors are familiar with and politicians are proficient in. Lockhart can use his good performance to pretend another emotion, while the 
   id
    is It is to hide in the deep layer of consciousness and continue to be rational.This trick is very effective. When he went to Azkaban last time, he used it to isolate the influence of the dementors on him, and he played a beautiful show in front of Bella, soThis time he plans to do it again.Dobby stared at the station worriedly for a moment, and secretly prayed that his new owner was safe.After all, it's hard to find someone who is willing to give him a Galleon wage every week, let alone allow him to wear clothes, buy things, eat cooked food, and even give him a small bed, and give him bonuses every now and then. I don't know how much better than the Malfoy family.All the credit should be attributed to Harry Potter - it was he who defeated the Dark Lord back then, which improved the status of inhuman creatures in the wizarding world; Freedom; finally he and his partner helped him find a new job o...  Of course, the generosity of his new owner also accounted for part of it.Even for the delicious bowl of oatmeal that Lockhart gave him every day, Dobby felt that he should be more conscientious-the oatmeal had butter in it!Probably seeing Dobby's worry, the big black dog raised his right paw and put it on Dobby's shoulder.Even if the dog is just sitting, the height of the shoulders is slightly lower than Dobby——Don't worry, it's just a bunch of filthy and lowly creatures. They wouldn't dare to attack the staff of the Ministry of Magic even if they had ten guts.Although the dog didn't say a word, Dobby seemed to see the meaning in its eyes.It seems that the master is right. Even the wild dogs in the wizarding village are smarter than the dogs outside, Dobby thought.However, the dog was immediately slapped in the face.Not long after, there was a sudden explosion from the station, and even the glass in the waiting room of the station was shattered.Both Dobby and Black were taken aback. When they took a closer look, they found that the frost that had just condensed on the roof of the station had been shaken by the explosion and turned into a puff of white mist. Soar away together.Dobby ran towards the station, but unfortunately, his legs were too short, and his running was almost as if he hadn't run.The big black dog couldn't stand it anymore, it grabbed Dobby by the back collar of his clothes, lifted him up, and rushed towards the station together.But before they could pass through the door, Lockhart walked out of the station in a panic.There was dust on his head, and his clothes looked a little messy. The sleeves of the robe looked like they had been torn by something, and there was a big hole.After seeing Dobby and the big black dog, Lockhart didn't say much, just said 
   Let's go
   , and then stepped down the steps.Dobby looked behind Lockhart worriedly, but he didn't find any dementors coming out. He had to put down his raised finger when he was going to fight the dementors to the death.Blake was also a little puzzled, but before he had time to think about it, Dobby pulled the dog hair on his body, and he had no choice but to follow quickly.Dobby and Black were not the only ones attracted by the explosion, almost everyone in Hogsmeade heard the explosion.They turned their attention to the station at the same time, and what they saw was the scene when the disheveled Lockhart came back with the house elf and the dog.They immediately gathered around, trying to figure out what happened.
   Are you all right?
    they asked.
   fine.
   It could be seen that Lockhart was trying his best to look relaxed, butUnfortunately not very successful.
   What the hell happened?
   
   It's nothing.
    Lockhart shrugged, 
   It's just that the conversation was a little unpleasant, which is normal, my colleague Moo
   However, the people present looked at Lockhart's embarrassed look, and none of them believed that it was just 
   not a very pleasant conversation
   .
   The result of the talk?
    They tried to save face for Lockhart.
   Sorry, I couldn't drive them away.
    Lockhart raised his hand high, comforting the villagers and said, 
   They were sent by the Ministry of Magic, and they will stay here until Black is caught .”The villagers suddenly sighed.Even though they had expected it, they were somewhat disappointed when Lockhart told them it couldn't be done.
   But don't worry everyone.
    Lockhart quickly added, 
   There are only [-] dementors in total, and they are on a rotation system. I have already warned them not to enter the village at will. Of course, Every two or three days, they will send three to five dementors to check the village, and they will notify everyone in advance, please prepare in advance... This is already the best condition I can get.
   After hearing Lockhart's supplement, the disappointed villagers cheered up a little.Although they failed to drive away the dementors, this was already expected, so they were not overly frustrated.The conditions Lockhart had won were quite good, at least slightly better than they had imagined, but it was not the ideal situation.After the villagers dispersed, Lockhart breathed a sigh of relief, and returned to his house with the house elf and Black.
   Master, hurry up and heal your wounds first, although Dobby is not very good at healing magic...
    Dobby reminded him.Only then did Lockhart let go of his concealment and let out a chuckle.
   Don't worry, Dobby, I made all of those things on QQ myself.
   Chapter 170 Three Charismatic LeadersAmidst Dobby's jaw-dropping and Black's head tilting, Lockhart spoke about his experience just now.That is experience nothing.Whether it was the dust on his head, the explosion at the station, or even the nick in his clothes, it was Lockhart himself.
   But, master, this—
    Dobby expressed his incomprehension.
   You just need to know that I'm fine, and I haven't had a run-in with a dementor,
    Lockhart said lightly.After hearing this, Dobby was even more confused.However, Black next to him seemed to have figured it out. After all, he came from a pure-blooded family who were intriguing. Although he himself was not interested in this kind of scheming, he learned something under his influence.Obviously, Lockhart didn't want to offend the residents of Hogsmeade, but at the same time he didn't want to be accused of 
   ignorance
    and 
   against the central government of the Ministry of Magic
   , so he performed it in full view. a play.
   
   
Chapter 81   
   
   After the 
   conflict with the dementors
   , the residents of Hogsmeade will naturally believe that Lockhart is on their side emotionally, but at the same time, because there is no real conflict, the relationship between him and the Ministry of Magic It didn't break the face either—the essence of double-dealing was considered to be thoroughly played by Lockhart.As for the explosion... Black was sure: the dementors would just be indifferent to it, because they wouldn't care, unless Lockhart destroyed the roof and exposed them to the nasty sun.Anyway, it is human beings who destroy their own things, so what does it have to do with them?So the big black dog was only stunned for a moment, then lay down on the ground again, and startedStarted to catch up on sleep.It's not good to disturb his recuperation because of such boring things. He has to quickly adjust his body and adjust it to the best condition, because Hogwarts is about to start school.Lockhart was alone for a while after finishing this matter, because he had accidentally learned some news during the negotiation just now, and these news might help him solve a problem that has been bothering him for a long time.That's how Umbridge got the dementors to do her bidding.For starters, Dementors don't have sight - something Lockhart already knew.It is precisely because their senses rely entirely on the sense of smell and the perception of biological emotions and physical states that Barty Crouch was able to complete the deadlock between his wife and son under their noses.And Lockhart took advantage of this - after just    sniffing
    Lockhart twice, the dementors lost interest in him.Because Lockhart's emotions are too stable, too dull.Usually, whenever a dementor sucks happiness out of a person, all that's left is negativity.And Lockhart has neither the joy they loathe nor the despair they love.In terms of food, he is a piece of paraffin wax with no taste at all.Although they also have no language, but fortunately Lockhart can communicate with them mentally, so there is no obstacle to communication.And so, while negotiating with them, Lockhart wreaked havoc in the station, and in front of the eyes of the dementors.There were as many as 30 dementors present, but none of them made any comments on Lockhart's sabotage, as if he was just eating melon seeds, and two dementors even watched with interest. Lockhart's behavior seemed curiousBut that doesn't mean the group of dementors will be easy to talk to - in LockhartWhen he asked them to avoid inhabited places as much as possible, he was rejected by the leader of the dementor squad.
   The wizard...orders...work...must...reward.
    The dementor acted very tough, 
   Catch the prisoner...enjoy the pain...
   Lockhart thought that it was true—there was no superior-subordinate relationship between the dementors and the Ministry of Magic. From the perspective of the dementors, they were just trading with wizards for food.What's worse is that during the hundreds of years of running Azkaban, the wizards have invisibly raised the appetite of these dementors.When they were originally on the island of Azkaban, except for the occasional Muggle that accidentally fell into the water, they had no chance to enjoy delicious despair, pain, and human souls.But things began to change when the Ministry of Magic, which was in deep financial crisis, decided to use the 
   off-the-shelf
    Azkaban as a wizarding prison in the early 18th century.The wizards got free guards and a frightening prison, but the dementors also got plenty of 
   food
   , which virtually made the dementors yearn for the 
   outside world
   Especially after more than 100 years of stability, the Ministry of Magic has forgotten the horror of Extis, and began to think that dementors are a kind of 
   very obedient
    creatures, and dementors have gained more support. free.There is no other reason, but these dementors are so easy to use, the price is cheap, and the quantity is plentiful, so you will want to use it.So the Ministry of Magic began to use 
   free
    creatures like dementors as guards, perform various official duties, and even act as executioners, letting them kiss some heinous people deeply and suck their souls away.At this point, the nature of the whole thing changed completely—the dementors began to believe that the Ministry of Magic could not function properly without them, and that they were also one of the main culprits in restricting them from enjoying delicious food.Allowing them to 
   enjoy deliciousness
    is no longer a kind of charity, but a kind of 
   deliciousness (Ministry of Magic officials)
    preventing themselves from getting more 
   deliciousness
   The wizards of the Ministry of Magic must have never heard this saying, that is, 
   the most expensive is the free one
   , Lockhart said with emotion.During the negotiation process, he tried to use various tactics such as orders, rules, and transactions to try to make the dementors obey his orders, but they all failed in the end.They have already regarded the promise of the Ministry of Magic as the 
   bottom line
    for human wizards, and this bottom line - once confirmed, absolutely cannot be changed.In desperation, Lockhart had to use the last resort - 
   appeal to authority
    to threaten the dementors, and even mentioned Umbridge, wanting to borrow Umbridge's authority over the dementors to deal with the problem.But what he didn't expect was that the dementors were very excited when Umbridge was mentioned.
   Umbridge...a charismatic leader,
    said the dementors with a choked voice.Lockhart tried his best but couldn't figure out how the words 
   Umbridge
    and 
   charm
    were connected, but this did not prevent him from making further conjectures about the nature of dementors.In university classes, a professor specializing in leadership management once told them that in nature, there are usually several patterns in the selection of leaders by wild animals with groups, and studying them can provide a deeper understanding of human politics.The first is the 
   violent style
   , that is, the leader ascends to power through violence, and the leader of the ethnic group must be the one who can fight the most.And this kind of leader usually appears in races with natural enemies and harsh living environments, such as lions and wild horses.The second type is 
   experiential
   , that is, the leader is the most knowledgeable person in the group.that.This is the case for elephants, for example. Usually the oldest female elephant will become the leader, because elephants usually have no natural enemies. Their biggest enemy is hunger. They need to migrate constantly to find food to eat. The most experienced female elephant can Use memory and smell to find places with more food.The third type is the 
   reproductive style
   , that is, the one who has the reproductive power of the group will become the leader, such as bees, such as hyenas, who are the queens with the best fertility in the group.The last type is the 
   charismatic social style
   , that is, the most charismatic and infectious individual in the group acts as the leader.For example, certain groups of chimpanzees have no shortage of food: there is also a fish called    sticky fish
   .Sticklebacks usually choose the most colorful and beautiful one in the group as the leader.In some cases, chimpanzees will 
   elect
    a 
   social orangutan
    who usually grooms everyone and finds food as the leader.As for humans... these four different types of leaders have all appeared in the long river of history.For example, the violent military leaders, the reproductive matriarchal society period, the most experienced and capable great leaders, and the 
   charismatic social type
    elected by the people by playing clowns to entertain everyone like Chuan Jianguo and JohnsonUmbridge obviously has no violent threat to the dementors, and it is unlikely to rely on experience to find much food for the dementors, and it is even less likely to help the dementors multiply, so the rest is only 
   charismatic
    TSure enough, the dementor confirmed Lockhart's conjecture.If Umbridge is seen as the 
   charismatic leader
    of the Dementors, many problems can be solved.The essence of dementors is a symbol of negative emotions - this was admitted by Master Rowling himself.Because she never actually saw a dementor, she wrote about her feelings about facing a dementor in terms of her own feelings during her depression.Using the Patronus Charm requires a person's happy emotions, while Slytherin's locket will stimulate people's negative emotions and terrible imagination, and the two are inherently incompatible.But the fact that Umbridge was able to use the Patronus Charm while wearing a locket only meant one thing—that she could find satisfaction and joy in negative emotions.Humans usually call this kind of person a pervert, but Dementors seem to particularly like such a person, because she enjoys the happiness brought by negative emotions all the time, which coincides with the values ​​​​of Dementors.To be honest, such 
   talents
    are actually quite rare. Even if you look for them deliberately, you will hardly find such a wonderful talent among 1 people.Based on the population base of the wizarding world, I am afraid that there is only such a person in the whole of the UK.As far as Lockhart knows, Umbridge returned to the Ministry of Magic after more than a month of 
   leave
   , and was demoted from the position of deputy minister of the Ministry of Magic, transferred to the Prohibition of Misuse of Magic Office, and Secretary Fudge's nephew, Rufus Fudge, worked together.If this can be used well, maybe... Lockhart has another sneaky ideaChapter 170 IV Attack on the TrainWhile it's always nice to have new neighbors, the Dementors are apparently not one of them, and the villagers of Hogsmeade take them very seriously.And what this kind of resentment brings is that almost no one is willing to go to the lake to fetch water.If the villagers want to go to the lake to get water, they must first cross the railway and pass through the road in the middle of the small forest before they can reach the lake smoothly.But because the dementors like to come out at night, they hide in the waiting room of the station during the day to avoid the sun in the sky, and residents who want to cross the railway will inevitably pass by the station.Think with your toes, the dementors will never let go of this delicacy delivered to your doorIn this case, the water project that Lockhart presided over really came in handy.He dug a fountain opposite the Owl Post Office and next to Honeydukes, and brought the water from the lake into the center of the village so that the villagers could fetch water from the fountain every day.Regarding the selection of fountain sculptures, he originally wanted to find a ready-made mold directly from the Muggles, but after searching around, he found that most of the Muggle sculptures were related to Christian religious themes, and the wizarding world could not get them. to the point inside.But if you follow the Weasley Brothers and install a statue of a child vomiting in the store, it would be too disgusting.In the same way, the bronze statue of a child peeing in Brussels is also unacceptable. He believes that as a person with elegant art appreciation ability, he must not engage in those perverted things.This fountain sculpture was paid for by Lockhart himself. The purpose of his donation of the sculpture was to cultivate the sentiments of wizards. How could he be careless?So he finally chose Canova's 
   Three Graces
    as the statue of the fountain, and the water of the fountain flows slowly from the hidden parts of the three goddesses, and finally flows into the fountain pool.— that's art, and even wizards can appreciate the fun in it, Lockhart thought with satisfaction.Even if the residents of Hogsmeade don't have enough taste in art appreciation, as long as they don't want to hang out with dementors, then they can only come to drink the tap water of the fountain.But when Lockhart walked by the fountain and admired the art all morning, he found that few people came to fetch water.
   Don't wait, fool!
    Aberforth Dumbledore reminded Lockhart tauntingly when he came to fetch water, 
   They've all installed running water pipes at home, and Dewes and Mr. Bance's Business, 20 Galleons a pipeline, no deception.
   Lockhart was stunned for a moment, and then he was furious:    Those two guys, they actually used public equipment for private use! What if we need clean water to fight the fire and the water pressure of the fountain is not enough?
   You must know that the ancient Greeks and Romans chose to install fountains in settlements not only for the sake of beauty and water for residents, but also for the responsibility of emergency water in case of house fires.
   In the case of a fire, of course we need to hire a volunteer fire brigade who can spray water jets. Anyway, the village is not big, and it will be there in the blink of an eye.
    Aberforth said naturally.Lockhart was momentarily at a loss for words.
   Then why did you fetch the water yourself?
    he asked back.Aberforth raised the bucket he brought with a spell:    Because I am the Pig's Head Bar, any change in the interior furnishings will cause dissatisfaction among my customers.
   Lockhart was frustrated at not being able to show his future voters his love for the artsAfter learning from the pain, he decided to use another way to influence the literary and artistic fashion of the wizarding world, at least trying to make it a tradition before the Triwizard Tournament was held.And it will also become Lockhart's second 
   political achievement
    after the water diversion projectOf course, this matter still needs to be done through his brother-in-law.It's just that he had just sent his owl away when two people came outside.
   Lockhart!
    shouted someone outside the door, 
   the Hogwarts train is coming!
   I see.
    Lockhart responded casually before he realized what had happened, 
   Why? They have so many new students this year, aren't there enough small wooden boats?
   Don't worry about the small wooden boat! The dementor has already boarded the car regardless of our obstruction!
    The man shouted angrily.
   Get in the car?
   After a shock, Lockhart remembered what had happened.Oops, it seems that it is necessary to appease the teachers and students of Hogwarts in the futureEven if this decision is made by other departments of the Ministry of Magic from beginning to end, the common people will not care about your set, they will only know that the 
   Ministry of Magic
    failed to control the dementors.
   Oops... the freshmen at Hogwarts don't even know magic yet! It's probably difficult for the third graders. I remember the Patronus Charm was only taught in the sixth grade.
    Lockhart said 
   to himself
   .The big black dog, who was twiddling the tip of its tail in boredom, suddenly sat up after Lockhart's 
   reminder
   .Because the station is not inside Hogwarts, nor is it far from the Shrieking Shack, soLockhart chose to Apparate directly.When he arrived at the scene, he found that the situation had been calmed down.A stream of white mist rising from the depths of the carriage dispersed all the dementors surrounding the train, and judging from the trajectory of the white mist, someone should be casting spells along the interior of the carriage.The dementors dodged the Hogwarts Express just like ordinary people dodge poison gas, and fled back to the station with a sharp howling sound.Without saying a word, Lockhart entered the station after activating Occlumency.
   I don't recall the Ministry of Magic granting you access to trains!
    he yelled at the dementor inside.The little leader of the dementors quickly responded:    Search... all... who enter Hogwarts...
   It's clear7 they're deliberately misinterpreting Ministry orders.The Ministry of Magic ordered them to search all people or vehicles that entered Hogwarts. This order was understood by the dementors as they had the right to 
   eat
    all people who wanted to enter Hogwarts.Lockhart found that, as with all dying and Fellar official organizations, there was a disconnect between the wizarding elite at the top of the Ministry and the lower ranks.They think they are in control of everything, and their power can make all creatures obey the control, but in fact, whether it is for the real power holders—that is, those pure-blood families—or for the grassroots, they have lost their ability to restrain.Dementors dare to obey others, pure-blood families can influence politics, and even Arthur Weasley is free to leave loopholes in the law that are beneficial to him.The grassroots level of law enforcement borrows the authority of the Ministry of Magic to pretend to be powerful, but it can't do anything about areas such as Knockturn Alley that really need to be controlled. The huge Ministry of Magic has turned into a show.This kind of government organization, Lockhart has only seen in those disorderly African and Southeast Asian countries before, and even those countries in Africa are better than the Ministry of Magic, at least those dictators still have one in their hands that can suppress all dissatisfied domestic army.Such a Ministry of Magic may only be slightly better than the Indian government.The dementors used the orders issued by the Ministry of Magic headquarters to suppress themselves. Lockhart really has no good way to do this, because according to his position, he should first appease these dementors who are 
   loyal
    to the Ministry of Magic , followed by an explanation to the teachers and students of Hogwarts.It's a bad feeling to have no power in your hands, Lockhart thought.Chapter 170Although he knew what he had to do, Lockhart was in no mood to appease the dementor right now.To be honest, he'd be lucky if he couldn't resist beating up these dementors.But the dementors are not relentless. They think that they have been 
   despicably attacked
    by a wizard during their official duties, so Lockhart should punish the wizard who cast the Patronus Charm.But they forgot one thing - besides them, Lockhart was the only one in the station at this time.In front of outsiders, Lockhart may still pretend to be polite to the dementors in order to maintain the dignity of the Ministry of Magic, but he will not be polite to the dementors when the door is closed and there are only 
   his own people
   .
   Say it again!
    He unabashedly exuded evil thoughts towards the dementors, 
   I am the only one who can represent the Ministry of Magic here, you have to listen to me!
   The dementors looked confused—they couldn't understand what Lockhart had come up with.They won't be angry, and they don't hate the negative energy emanating from Lockhart's body at this time, but as artificial life, they always have to test each other's status before they can confirm each other's status, rather than just letting Lockhart talk .
   You... are no more qualified than us,
    said the little dementor leader.This was the longest sentence that Lockhart had heard from the dementors since they came into contact with each other.Kerr sure? 
   
   
   
Chapter 82   
   
   Under the disagreement, Lockhart started to make a move—and this time he really made a move.hand.If he made a move last time, he would definitely be unreasonable to confront the Ministry of Magic, but this time he is defending the authority of the Ministry of Magic. Even if he stabs it, the higher-ups can't say anything, but encourage him to do it. Well done.Instead of using his half-baked Patronus Charm, Lockhart used the type of magic he was best at.
   Expathic_Ttalus 1o
    Lockhart called.Without saying a word, he blocked all the communication of the dementors' consciousness. He didn't believe that these dementors could be more powerful than Voldemort.Dementors are all blind, even using the blindness curse on them is useless, even if their sense of smell is cut off, they can still accurately find each other's location through the emotional fluctuations of the surrounding life.That being the case, directly isolating their perception of emotions should be a more effective means.Lockhart wasn't sure if it would work on them, but it was the best he could think of to deal with the dementors.Fortunately, the magic does work.After he used this magic, there was a commotion among the dementors.
   What did you do?!
    the dementor leader growled uneasily.Lockhart could feel that its thinking was desperately sending out fluctuations, but it still couldn't get any feedback.This magic turned them into 
   blind people
    one by one. After losing their perception, they couldn't even feel the toy they had kept for several days—the family of mice in the mouse hole in the corner of the train station.
   Punishment.
    Lockhart replied, 
   You should be very clear about what the Ministry of Magic's mission for you is, and pretending to be stupid will not help you solve your current predicament.In desperation, the dementor's language ability seems to have recovered a lot:    We are working for you! How dare you treat me like this!
   
   Yes, and then?
    Lockhart asked back.Dementor: ?   Let's just talk about it here.
    Lockhart magnified his malice a little more, Fal and these guys are nothing but a bunch of trash begging for mercy in front of wizards, we keep you just to deal with it Something we don't want to touch, you know?What we give you is yours, and what we don't give you, you can't take it, you have crossed the line. 
   If Lockhart hadn't cut off all the perceptions of the dementors, the dementors would not have spoken to Lockhart so sternly, but the fact is that this official of the Ministry of Magic subdued thirty of them alone, and they Not sure if Lockhart could have done more.At least it wasn't all bluff.The little leader of the dementors decided to give in for the time being:   Loyalty should be rewarded... wizards...we have not violated your rules??Hearing that the dementors were subdued, Lockhart was determined. He was really worried that the dementors would scurry around like flies. In that case, his control range would need to be expanded accordingly, and the scene would inevitably get out of control.
   But you have undoubtedly misplaced your position.
    Lockhart showed steadfastness, 
   We took pity on you, allowed you to survive, sent food to your little island with nothing, and brought you Come out... We do so much because you will be obedient, not to make you obedient and obedient.
   
   We...follow the rules...but next time...you need to be more specific in your order,
    the Dementor replied.After it said this, it was actually equivalent to acquiescing to a fact—that is,It is within the general siege of Hoghold, Lockhart's status is stronger than theirs
   Very well, this is a good start.
    Lockhart revoked his perception blockade, 
   As long as you can follow the rules as you promised, the Ministry of Magic will give you what you want.
   After the negotiation, Lockhart opened the door of the station, wanting to go to Hogwarts to explain the 
   accident
    just now.But immediately outside the door he saw someone who saved him the trouble of going to Hogwarts to explain.Good luck! A middle-aged man in a shabby robe said to Lockhart, 
   My name is Remus Lupine. Originally, I wanted to see if there was anything else I could do to help, but now it seems unnecessary. 
   
   Lupine?
    Lockhart looked over subconsciously.Sure enough, the half-parted hairstyle with a lot of white hair, the gray eyes, the slightly haggard face, and the robe that was definitely not decent, all of them confirmed the identity of the visitor:    Jie The leader of the Thief quartet, the werewolf Remus Lupine.
   Hello, Senior Lupine, I'm Gilderoy Lockhart, do you recognize me?
    Lockhart showed a hearty smile, 
   I remember when you were a prefect, I caused you a lot of trouble .”The four robbers were all born in 960, four grades older than Lockhart. When Lupine became a prefect in 1975, Lockhart had just entered school.When Lupine and the others graduated, Hermione had just been born, and Lockhart was still in the third grade.Lupine didn't expect Lockhart to have such a good memory, but since the other party was willing to get close, Lupine, who had been coldly looked at by others because of his identity as a werewolf, would naturally not make any intentional moves to distance himself.
   It's not me that's troublesome, but your prefect Quirk.
    Lupine said mockingly, 
   I can't even manage my companions well... If I can manage them well, nowMaybe you don't have to be so motivating.After all, Sirius Black is also one of the band of robbers. Lupine said this to some extent in the sense of being clear. Black's 
   betrayal
    was actually a big blow to him.Thinking of the big black dog in his house, Lockhart solemnly promised:    Don't worry, we will never let him cause any trouble.
   Chapter 170 Six Lupine's Real ProblemIn fact, Lupine still has an impression of Lockhart, or even if he wants to forget this kind of problem, it is difficult for students.It’s like a class reunion ten years after graduation. Basically, everyone can remember only the best students in the class, or the worst students who often cause trouble. You can’t even remember the students who don’t have any characteristics. Who is he.And Lockhart is such a problem student—but no one in his age group will forget that he replaced all the curtains in the auditorium with banners with his name on them.Although this is considered notorious, at least notoriety is also famous. The old classmates of the year thought of him as soon as they saw him again. In a sense, this is also the reason why Lockhart's book was able to sell well in the first place. Everyone They all want to see how that flower peacock became a master of fighting against black magic back then.When they met again at this time, Lupine couldn't help feeling a little bit about the impermanence of the world.The problematic student back then has become an internationally renowned wizard with a bright future, while my good student of this standard back then was beaten by everyone because of his status as a werewolf. What happened to this person...how should I start?Lupine knew very well that the reason why Dumbledore hired him as the Defense Against the Dark Arts professor at Hogwarts was probably because he hoped that he could have another fight with Sirius Black.After all, among the three people who know Sirius Black best in this world, only Lupine is alive now (Dumbledore didn't know that Peter was also alive at this time)But even though he knew Dumbledore's purpose, Lupine was still very grateful to Dumbledore for giving him a job.This time he has been desperate and penniless for a long time. I'm afraid there will be a little moreIn terms of income, he will starve to death in some unknown place.Even if he can only teach for one year, with the savings of this year, he may be able to live for a few more years.Lupine's miserable situation is also the status quo of all werewolves, vampires and other humanoid creatures in human society. Compared with Lupine, other people may be even more miserable, because they have not received systematic magic education.Of the armies that Voldemort would muster later, only the werewolves could be said to be the product of the White Wizards' own making.Because of their excessive discrimination against werewolves, almost all werewolves sided with the Death Eaters in the end.Either accept the werewolves, or kill them all, and the final result will not be worse than it is now.Lockhart will not look down on Lupine because of his downfall. On the contrary, Lupine is one of the few people in 
   HP
    that Lockhart can respect.It may not be difficult to be kind in a tolerant environment, but it is too rare to find people who are kind in an environment full of discrimination, exclusion and hostility, let alone people who are knowledgeable, fearless and loyal.So he was very friendly to Lupine, and even invited him to sit in Hogsmeade, but Lupine refused on the grounds that he wanted to attend the school dinner.When he was leaving, Lockhart was moved when he saw Lupine wearing a torn robe.Ding Ye asked, have you ever thought about working abroad in the future?You also know that you can only teach this course of defense for at most one year, and the domestic environment is really too unfriendly to you. 
   Lupine stopped:    How?
   
   The new oil wells in Nigeria need a general manager to watch over there, we have to deal with the local wizards...they're full of Animagus over there, so it's no big deal if they turn into wolves, don't you You will be discriminated against there, and the Aurors should visit from time to time, and the safety is also...
    Lockhart threw out an oliveolive branch.Lupine made a decision with little thought:    No problem, it just so happens that I don't have a family and can travel for a long time.
   
   Great, those who go on business trips abroad enjoy an additional 150% salary subsidy. In addition, the general manager also enjoys a commission of [-]/[-] of the monthly output of the oil well... You go back to the castle first. I will treat you to a drink next weekend. Let's talk about it in detail.
    Let's talk about it.
   Seeing Hagrid in the distance coming to greet the first-year students to board the boat, Lockhart quickly stopped talking.Lupine glanced back at the students and realized that it was time for him to leave. 
   That's fine.
    He said, 
   Then bother you.
   Just as Lupine turned around, his peripheral vision caught something.— A huge black shadow disappeared in a flash, and got into the bushes next to the station.There was a subtle change in the focus of Lupine's pupils—did I misread just now?
   What's wrong?
    Lockhart asked him.
   It's nothing.
    Lupine shook his head. 
   I seem to have seen it just now... It must be that I was too hungry and had hallucinations! Seriously, I can't wait to go to Hogwarts to have a good meal, The last time I ate it was more than 20 years ago.
   Lupine glossed over the incident lightly, but Lockhart knew exactly what he saw.Just now, the big black dog that Sirius Black turned into ran over unknowingly, and leaned towards the train stealthily.For this reason, Lockhart had to increase his voice, and stopped Lupine: Finally, Sirius noticed this side and escaped in time, but because of the slow movement, Lupine saw a little bit.That's why Lockhart specifically asked Lupine again, asking him what he saw, butLupine hadn't said anything to Lockhart just now.Lupine obviously had many opportunities to reveal to the Ministry of Magic or Dumbledore that Black could transform, but he never did so. In his own words, he was    too cowardly to tell Dumbledore that he had betrayed over his trust
   Lockhart believed this to be the case, because he had only talked with Lupine for a few minutes before he discovered that this person was a typical 
   low self-esteem personality
   , and he was only one step away from a 
   pleaser personality
   .Such people are actually quite common, especially when a child grows up in an environment of 
   parents and comparative education
    when he is young, it is easy for him to develop this kind of low self-esteem personality when he grows up.Modern psychology believes that people's self-awareness and personality are derived from interactions with others.In the early stages of life, the way and evaluation of those around us will gradually internalize into a voice in our heart that dominates our view of ourselves.Probably because of his werewolf ancestry, Lupine suffered too much discrimination and unfair treatment when he was young, so that he subconsciously agreed with these views, always feeling 
   I don't deserve it
   Starting from 
   I shouldn't have friends
   , to 
   I'm not trustworthy
   , to 
   I can't make a career
   , and even 
   I don't deserve to have love
   , Lupine grew up in this kind of People who have survived psychological torment.It is precisely because of this that the friendship between the robbers, Dumbledore's trust in him, and Tonks' love for him, in Lupine's view, are not what he deserves. Afraid to expose Black to Dumbledore, it is estimated that there is a high probability that it is trueThe tragedies in this world often come from the distortion of people's personality and cognition, and because of the magical relationship of wizards, a person can influence more environments than Muggles by virtue of his personality and cognition, so what happens in the wizarding world There are more tragedies,Bigger.Changing customs is not an easy job, and there is still a lot of work waiting for Lockhart.Chapter 170 The Second Project—After rushing back to the Screaming Shack, Sirius Black felt a sense of urgency in his heart.He never expected that Remus Lupine would appear here.Lockhart's obliviousness to his black dog form had taught him the fact that the Ministry of Magic had hitherto been unaware that he was an Animagus capable of transforming into a black dog at will.In Black's view, it must be because James Potter is dead, Peter Pettigrew has never dared to expose it because of his transformation into a mouse, and Remus Lupine, the only one who knew about it, is likely to be Already dead, so the fact that he was an Animagus didn't come to light.But when he found Lupine at the station, Sirius was naturally taken aback—the fact that he could turn into a black dog might be able to hide it from the dementors, the Ministry of Magic, and maybe without anyone reminding him. Dumbledore, but he knew very well that he couldn't hide it from Lupine.Just as he had seen Lupine transformed into a werewolf dozens of times, Lupine had seen him transformed into a black dog countless times, and it was impossible for him not to recognize himself.So after finding Lupine, Black immediately got into the bushes, so he didn't hit him directly.Lupine is actually at Hogwarts, and this is going to be troublesome...Although he didn't know why Lupine never exposed himself even though he was alive, Black didn't dare to be careless, because he knew that as long as Lupine found out that he had broken into Hogwarts, even if he had any difficulties, he would definitely report to Dumbledore directly. informer.You must avoid him... Only by avoiding him and entering Hogwarts can you kill that insidious, dirty mouse.I have to... wait!Sirius Black suddenly remembered something else, something just as crucial.—If Lupine could recognize himself, wouldn't he recognize Peter Pettigrew?Impossible, as long as Lupine sees Peter Pettigrew, then he will definitely recognize the mouse, just like himself.If he meets Peter, Lupine may not be able to react, but Peter will definitely be scared away, so how can he catch it?Oops!Sirius Black didn't worry about his own safety at all. In his opinion, the worst thing was that his soul was sucked away by the dementors. This way, it was all over, and he didn't have to live in such pain.But he is very worried that Peter Pettigrew will escape because of this. If Peter escapes, the motivation to support him to swim back to England from the middle of the North Sea along the ocean current will disappear.How to do?——Thinking of this, Blake scratched his head.Dobby looked at the wild dog brought back by the owner strangely and turned around restlessly, no matter how he tried to calm him down, it was useless.
   Be quiet, if the master sees you come in with another paw of dirt, he may throw you out, and you won't have supper,
    Dobby warned it.But Blake didn't have the time to think about dinner. What he was most worried about was that Peter Pettigrew would run away.Probably not...Students generally don't bring pets with them in class, so Lupine is differentHe will see it right away, and as long as he is not in a hurry to show up, then with Peter's nature, he will continue to hide in the 
   safest
    Hogwarts.If he didn't hide in Hogwarts, he could only eat and sleep in the wild, how could it be as safe as being in school?He didn't know where Voldemort was anyway, and he had nowhere to go.Knowing Peter Pettigrew, Black slowly calmed downAnyway, after so many years, he is not in a hurry to get revenge at this moment, the flame of revenge will not be extinguished with time, it will only burn more and more.It seems that for a while now, I have to behave a little better, go out as little as possible, and never startle the snake, it is best to let the world think that I have escaped.Wait until you find out the exact location of Peter Pettigrew and find out the security measures, then find a suitable time to enter the Gryffindor lounge, and kill him.Of course, it would be better to get another wand...
   
   
Chapter 83   
   
   Black didn't think about what to do after killing Peter Pettigrew, because all he thought about now was revenge.He doesn't think about these questions, but someone does for him.Lockhart is not worried that what he does will 
   change the plot
    at all, because he believes that as long as he works properly, then eliminating Voldemort is only a technical problem, and there is no such thing as a so-called anti-mouse or fighting against most pure-blood families. thing.Therefore, it is in his interest to unite as many forces as possible before destroying Voldemort, especially if these forces are still united under his own banner.He returned to Hogsmeade Center from the station, and after reassuring the villagers, he returned to the Shrieking Shack.Looking at the muddy paw prints on the ground that Dobby hadn't completely cleaned off, Lockhart frowned pretentiously.Tianyuetian build a dog house for 
   Brickball
   !
    Lockhart said to Dobby,
   It's not good to have it sitting in my office all the time, I'm going to be busy soon, and it won't be too late to bring it in during the winter.
   Makeup, master, it should be like this. ' Dobby never doubted his purpose.Blake was overjoyed—as long as he hid in the dog house, his concealment would be even more perfect.Five days later, Lockhart called the residents of Hogsmeade to the fountain and announced his second 
   image project
    after coming to Hogsmeade
   I'm going to build a cinema in Hogsmeade and show open-air movies here!
    he announced loudly.Contrary to the warm response he expected, when he yelled these words, the villagers of Hogsmeade showed a dazed expression.
   What's a movie?
    they asked back.Because Hogsmeade doesn't have electricity, things like movies, TV, and VCRs are completely unknown territory for them.
   It's something similar to the event photos in the newspaper, except that the photos will be bigger, and the actors on them will keep performing interesting dramas for everyone, such as war dramas, comedies, tragedies, operas... In short, it is a kind of Entertainment, you're going to love it, I promise, because I love it a lot myself,
    Lockhart explained to the crowd.After hearing Lockhart's words, the villagers unanimously cast their eyes on the fountain statue beside him.
   I can't guarantee this. This fountain can prove that there must be someone with a wrong aesthetic taste between the two of us, and I don't think that person is me.
    Aberforth joked, 
   You can't Since you like that 
   film' yourself, you think we will too. 
   Even though Lockhart knew he was joking with him, he was still a little annoyed that the other party questioned his aesthetics.
   I don't want you to pay for the equipment.
    Lockhart immediately laughed and cursed back, 
   But I will charge for the entrance fee, children are free.
   
   It doesn't cost me? It's over if you say so earlier.
    Aberforth replied loudlyThe villagers burst into laughter.Chapter 170 Eight SelectionsAfter thinking for a long time, Lockhart decided to take the path of saving the country and start with entertainment.— On the one hand, because the effect is good, the wizards have less resistance; the second is because it is better to control, because in the absence of communication channels, wizards can only watch the entertainment projects they have introduced.It is undoubtedly a bad idea to give wizards an introduction to Muggle classes. It can be seen from the very small number of people who take the Muggle Studies course at Hogwarts that wizards have no interest in understanding the Muggle world, even if they are the ones who teach the class. I'm afraid there will be very few people who come to attend the class, and the effect will be too bad.But as long as you are a human, you like to listen to and read stories, and there is almost no difference in emotion between Muggles and wizards, so it is estimated that wizards will also like Muggle comedies, operas, and emotional dramas.But anyone who is a little older should still remember how the open-air movies that used to be screened in various villages attracted the whole village to come out.There was even a village where there was no one at home when an open-air movie was shown, and more than a dozen families in a row were patronized by thieves, so that the police had to strengthen their police force every time a movie was shown.If the classic movies that have proven to be attractive in the Muggle world can be released one by one when the movies are shown, Lockhart believes that they will definitely cause no less sensation in the wizarding world than in the Muggle world.Come to think of it, if he wanted to introduce wizards to cars and airplanes, he might as well play a 
   Fast and Furious
    or 
   Top Gun
   ; If he wants to challenge the status of the pure-blood family, he can play 
   The Golden Age
    from time to time; if he wants to promote anti-war ideas, he can play 
   All Quiet on the Western Front
    and 
   Apocalypse Now
   ; The conjecture of the world, 
   Monty Python and the Holy Grail
    is definitely a good choice...He doesn’t even need to choose the material specially, as long as he puts out a farce like “Mr. Learned in middle school.He did it when he thought of it, and for this reason he specifically consulted Arthur Weasley whether introducing a Muggle sound projector violated the laws of misusing Muggle substances.Arthur froze for a moment, then flipped through the thick 
   List of Restricted Items
    for a long time, and finally told Lockhart that there was no such thing in the list at all.So it wasn't illegal for Lockhart to introduce a film projector, and he could test it out in Hogsmeade.But Arthur reminded him that according to regulations, he must also write a detailed description report of the item and file it with the Ministry of Magic, mainly to explain what the movie projector is.Lockhart had never heard of such a rule: he very much suspected that this was Arthur Weasley's private affairs.But so what?Isn't that what politics do?   Officials from the Ministry of Magic are welcome to monitor the use of items on the day of the film,
    he said to Arthur Weasley, solemnly.Arthur winked at him, expressing his duty.Thinking about it, Lockhart immediately bought an obsolete old-fashioned film player from the abandoned warehouse of the Muggle Film Company in the name of a 
   collector
   , and it had been damaged for many years due to the lack of parts.The other party asked for 300 pounds for the damaged projector, and Lockhart generously paid them 500 pounds, and got a dusty screen and more than ten rolls of old-fashioned film films by the way.These films are not master tapes, and have been played so many times that they have become very unclear.The theaters didn't even bother to destroy them, no one would steal them anyway.Lockhart is willing to buy these 
   garbage
   , it is estimated that this movie theater line privatelyEveryone will laugh at him as being taken advantage of.But it's such a joy to have poor information and poor skills - all of these Muggle annoyances are not a problem under 
   fixed as before
   .It only took Lockhart a dozen seconds to get a brand new movie projector and more than a dozen 
   new
    movies.The only power problem that is needed does not exist here at Lockhart. It doesn't take much effort from Lockhart to cast an automatically activated magic. Even Arthur Weasley volunteered to take over the job, but Lockhart Hart declined on the grounds that he 
   didn't understand the structure.
   After finishing the arrangements, Lockhart took a while to send the things to his office through the Floo network, and then announced the good news to the villagers of Hogsmeade.With the lessons learned from the fountain, the villagers of Hogsmeade had a slight suspicion of Lockhart's taste, so they were not very enthusiastic, even though this first open-air movie was free.So Loha had no choice but to make a hit.He carefully checked the dozen or so old movies he had bought, and found that they were indeed a bunch of old movies. Although they were kept by the theaters to this day, it shows that they are indeed high-quality movies, but after all, they are all a bit outdated. Not up to date, and some of them may not be very suitable.For example, 
   Rain Man
   , 
   The Deer Hunter
   , 
   The Godfather
    and other good films, Lockhart doubts whether wizards can understand the connotation immediately, and 
   Around the World in 80 Days
    is too old, After watching, wizards will only have an unrealistic contempt for Muggle technology, even if it was once a science fiction movie.As for 
   One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest
    and 
   Gone with the Wind
   , it is even more inappropriate. The former will definitely make everyone drowsy, while the latter invisibly beautifies the life of the landed nobles, which is not suitable for the wizarding world, which is inherently rampant in blood theory. Reality.For the general public, the theme of the movie should be easy to understand, the story should be enjoyable, classic and watchable, and the thinking should be positive, so that people can't help yearning for it.At the end of the screening, Lockhart found that he had no choice, so he chose 
   The Sound of Music
   .The theme of this story is simple, that is, against the background of the German invasion in World War II, a 
   Cinderella
    governess, through her tenderness, kindness, and love for music, softened a handsome widower colonel and his The children, the story of defeating the rival baroness, marrying the family, and finally the family escaped from the clutches of the Nazis and went abroad.The story itself is not complicated, but it contains a lot of classic story elements. After all, love is something that humans have been praising from thousands of years ago to modern times.In this play, there are dark elements like Cinderella and the prince, palace fights, reunion, family parenting, as well as obscure 
   resisting Christian stereotypes
    and 
   chasing freedom
   , all of which are popular among the wizarding community.In addition, 
   The Sound of Music
    itself is a musical, with simple but classic songs such as 
   Edelweiss
   , 
   Duo Reimi
   , 
   The Lonely Shepherd
   , and the music is the least Since the things of national borders can infect Muggles, they must also infect wizards.What particularly moved Lockhart was the quality of the family in the film when they faced the Nazi power, especially the part where the family still sang 
   Edelweiss
    under the threat of the Nazis, which is definitely the most classic scene.This is very suitable for him to give the wizarding world 
   how ordinary people should deal with themselves when facing the powerful rule of the Dark Lord, how to maintain optimism and heart, and how to resist intelligently
   .Compared to working with dark wizards on the front line, Lockhart felt that his current job was more meaningful to the wizarding world.P.So I wish everyone a happy new year and good luck, and I wish the candidates who have finished the exam will get their report cards on the last day of the holiday.Chapter 170 IX It's Human Nature to Like StoriesHogsmeade, if nothing else, definitely had enough open space.After examining the site, Lockhart decided to place the open-air cinema in the open space behind Zonko's Joke Shop and Honeydukes.If the map of the whole Hogsmeade village is regarded as a wild boar, then the Pig’s Head Bar is the “pig’s nose” of the wild boar, Mrs. Puddiff’s teahouse is the pig’s ears, the owl post office is in the pig’s belly, and the three broomsticks on the pig's hind legs, and the Screaming Shack is on the pig's tail.Honeydukes and Zonko's Joke Shop are both on the 
   Back
   , and the street side of them is used for business, and there is a large open space behind, which wizards occasionally use to grow things.Considering that the favorite places for young wizards to go are Honeydukes and Zonko's Joke Shop, Lockhart's intention to choose the address there is self-evident.The villagers didn't have much interest in this at first, but now the dementors are entrenched around the village, and everyone dare not go for a walk by the lake at night. If they want to have fun, they can only read a book or go to the bar, or listen to the wizard radio station. Life is very boring. monotonous.So when Lockhart borrowed tables and chairs from the Three Broomsticks and Hog's Head and invited the villagers to watch a movie: they all said yes.Lockhart is very proud of this - because it means he has a lot of face in HogsmeadeBut Aberforth won't spoil him:    Nonsense, you took out all the chairs in the bar, where else can we go?
   For the sake of being the younger brother of Headmaster Dumbledore, Lockhart decided to forgive him for his rude offense.He set up tables and chairs in the open space behind Honeydukes, and put the repaired bracketsHe stood up, hung up the screen and adjusted the focus, and when the people came around, he stood in front of the screen.
   Ladies and gentlemen! Attention, this is a historic moment. After newspapers and radio stations, our Ministry of Magic has once again introduced a new benefit to the wizarding community—movies!
   After speaking, Lockhart paused for a moment, waiting to hear everyone's applause and applause, but he waited quietly for a few seconds but got nothing, so he could only continue talking on his own.
   ...Okay, without further ado, we should enjoy this art that Muggles have enjoyed for 160 years, and now please watch this Muggle 38th Academy Award for Best Film, The film 
   The Sound of Music
    with five awards including Best Director, Musical, Editing, and Sound!...It's getting louder! The sound is loud!
   With Lockhart chanting, the screen he bought from Muggles was enlarged two or three times. If you only look at the size of the screen, it is comparable to some big theaters.In addition, the sound that could only be heard carefully in the closed environment of a small theater was amplified by Lockhart's magic to the point where everyone in the open space could hear it clearly. The sound is poor.It's a pity that Lockhart's magic spell is still not proficient enough. If Professor Flitwick plays it, he may be able to play the effect of 3D stereo surround sound from these two small speakers.After whetting their appetite, the wizarding world finally enjoyed a Muggle movie for the first time.When the light was hit on the screen, the wizards were really taken aback: they didn't expect that Muggles had already made something comparable to magic, and the picture of this activity was more expressive than magic photos. There are much more content and scenes.   Masterpiece! The Muggle who invented this thing is definitely a genius!
    Arthur saidWeasley said so.As Lockhart expected, after the initial freshness and curiosity, the wizards were quickly moved by the storyline in the film and began to appreciate the content of the film seriously.Although the plot of 
   The Sound of Music
    is relatively 
   old-fashioned
    in the 21st century, a classic is a classic, and a masterpiece will not gradually fade over time, but will be remembered in the long river of history because of its background era And more flavor.Although the wizarding world doesn't quite understand what impact the 
   German invasion
    will have on Muggles, they can automatically replace their enemies with Grindelwald and the 
   Witch Party
   , so it is not difficult to understand.The source of the appeal of artistic images is, to put it bluntly, because people’s emotions are universal. Even people who have not experienced certain disasters or big scenes will have similar experiences to refugees after watching related documentaries and record reports.Different from written works, the artistic creation of movies with pictures, although relatively not durable in terms of appeal, has a stronger impact and immediate sense of presence.Lockhart didn't want to waste this kind of appeal. He wanted to use every ounce of impact that movies brought to the wizarding world to improve people's ideological awareness. For this reason, those garbage movies were out of his consideration.Just like Korean dramas and Korean movies, Korean dramas are just a bunch of garbage with beautiful pictures, fairy tales for adults to deceive themselves, but Korean movies reflect reality, and the two are completely different.Just as online articles can only be toilet reading materials, literary works are a sharp weapon for sublimating ideas.As the plot of the movie progresses, the wizards watching the movie are obviously moved—they will rejoice and sigh for the fate of the characters in the film, sometimes worrying and sometimes looking forward to it, when the two protagonists who can be called handsome men and beautiful women exclude In all difficulties, when we come togetherAt this moment, the joy of the witches is palpable.Although Lockhart was sure that the nuns in the middle and the wizards of the church would not be able to understand the connotation, but this would be good, lest they think that the church is still very powerful in the Muggle world.You know, every time he goes to sit in Parliament, the members of the council like to attack each other with 
   he never goes to church
    - as if someone has been.Finally, when the protagonist's family used the concert to retreat and successfully fled abroad across the mountains, the wizards present also stood up and began to applaud. Like the land of happiness.Overall, the movie was a success.Among the applauding wizards, Arthur Weasley, who came to 
   supervise the operation of the item
   , was extremely exaggerated. He not only expressed his excitement by dancing and dancing, but even wanted to impose a power on the film camera. Magic that adds wisdom.Fortunately, the people next to him pulled him away in time-they were all worried that Arthur would break it.Even Sirius, who was dragged to the scene by Lockhart, forgot to continue wagging his tail during the movie, but kept lying on the ground, just like he did when he went to watch a circus performanceWhen the subtitles of the staff were all played, everyone realized that Lockhart had slipped away quietly without anyone being seen.
   Where's your master?
    Arthur asked Dobby.Dobby saw something:    The master just went to the other side of the lake... He said that the group of dementors sensed the mood swings of the wizards here and wanted to make trouble. He will deal with the dementors and will be back soon. Let me tell everyone not to worry.
   Arthur looked at the lake in concern:    Really? His words should be fine, but dementors are always a problem... In fact, when the Ministry decided to call in dementors,I am against it. 
   While they were discussing, Lockhart returned to the scene.
   Sure enough, those bastards couldn't hold back anymore and wanted to make trouble...I taught them a lesson.
    Lockhart said to the crowd, o I wonder if everyone is still satisfied with the movie? 
   
   Excellent!
   
   masterpiece!
   
   Muggles are indeed a little smarter than you think.
   The wizards expressed their love for the movie to Lockhart in various ways mixed with body language.
   Very good!
    Lockhart said with satisfaction, 
   From tomorrow onwards, there will be one movie here every night, and two shows on Friday, Saturday, and Sunday, but I have to charge for the entrance fee... 2 Sickles One night, 3 people on weekends, and a bottle of butter beer as a gift, isn’t it expensive?”
   You greedy fellow!
    Aberforth yelled.
   So, why don't you come and see?
    Lockhart asked back.Aberforth moved his lips a few times, and then slowly spit out his own answer:    How much does the monthly pass cost? Can it be cheaper?
   P.So New Year’s Day is good, the 2nd year in a century has arrivedChapter 180Compared with the first unknown tap water project, the second Hogsmeade renovation project introduced by Lockhart was a success beyond the villagers' expectations.Before Lockhart introduced the movie, the wizarding world, especially the pure-blood wizards, had almost zero understanding of Muggles. Gua's book is also a comic strip called 
   The Adventures of Mad Muggle Martin Miggs
   .
   
   
Chapter 84   
   
   The content of this comic strip is very absurd. 5 The protagonist is a crazy French Muggle, wearing a beret and a striped shirt. He is a painting teacher by profession and likes to talk nonsense in class and punish students physically.This kind of work is obviously not helpful to understand the Muggle world, and wizards who grew up watching this thing will only have a deeper prejudice against Muggles.But movies are different, because it is subtle and silent. When watching a story, everyone will naturally accept the relevant background in their minds. This is undoubtedly the correct and just way.Of course, justice is not cheap. Although Lockhart invested more than 70 galleons in the project, Lockhart still didn't spend a single Nat's budget on it.Because he intends to get the money back from the ticket price.The entrance fee is the price he got after careful calculation - 2 Sickles per day on weekdays, 3 Sickles for three days on weekends to watch movies, and 17 Sickles in a week: that is, one Galleon.This is an absolutely affordable price for the wizarding world where the weekly income is generally more than 10 Galleons and the family economy is highly dependent on self-sufficiency. A movie ticket is only worth 2 bottles of butter beer, which is Hogwarts. Students can afford it too.If each show can maintain around 30-50 viewers, then Lockhart can rely on this project to earn 40 Galleons a week, and he can pay back within two weeks. Even at the end of the month, the Ministry of Magic The approved 300 Galleons could not be used up.As for what will happen next, Lockhart is not sure.Of course, he hoped that the movie could become popular in the wizarding world, so that when the project made money, he could use the money to buy new projectors and film, and make it an industry.He even wants to register a film and television company with the Muggles, in the name of building a new    village mobile theater
   , in Hogsmeade, Godric's Hollow, St. Catchpole Village, Dingworth Village , Wiltshire and other major wizarding settlements, and this open-air cinema will be the start of it all.Maybe many years later, movie lovers in the wizarding world will come here to commemorate it.However, Lockhart was not the only one who saw business opportunities.Ambrosio Froome, Honeydukes' boss, came to Lockhart's office alone after the film screening.He had noticed during the movie just now that many wizards would ask Rosmerta to pour wine when the movie ended, while they sat where they were and continued to watch the movie.From this, he thought of one thing—that is, when those little wizards came to Hogsmeade on the weekend, would they also buy some snacks while watching movies?Since everyone was acquainted, he approached Lockhart directly, wanting to ask him what Muggle cinemas would sell.
   Good question, Amber.
    Lockhart was overjoyed, 
   Because the movie theater is a public environment, the food you sell must not have a pungent smell, and you must not make noise to disturb others watching the movie, and at the same time, it must not be too easy dirty hands.
   So ice mice, burp candies, and explosive bonbons are definitely not for sale, are they?
   
   Probably, fat flies, pepper urchins, jelly slugs and sour poppers are also best avoided,
    Lockhart added.Ambrosio was a little worried when he heard that, because what he said just now covered almost half of the goods in his store.
   Then what else can I sell? Bibi multi-flavored beans, coconut sorbet?
   
   Great idea! Both of these things are good. In addition, the Muggle side also sells cola, juice, popcorn, dried meat, seaweed, plums, mints... Of course, there are also grilled sausages and potato chips, but I always Suspicious of people who bought this stuff at the cinemaAmbrosio nodded:    It seems that I have to develop two new snacks.
   The words of the Honeydukes boss gave Lockhart an idea---considering that HogwartsCi's students will come on weekends. It seems that the weekend movies will be mainly action movies, romance movies, fantasy movies and cartoons.It's a pity that I only bought a dozen rolls of old film, and there are no cartoons at allFortunately, Disney has already given birth to the classic Mickey Mouse in this period, and TV animation has released the common memory of four generations early - 
   Tom and Jerry
   , and the legendary movie 
   Star Wars
   , as long as Loha I am very willing to look for it, and I can always find it.However, it was too late to buy it at this time. For the weekend of the next day, Lockhart had to dig out a volume of 
   The Wizard of Oz
    from those old movies and use it first.However, although the story of the little girl, the tin man, the scarecrow and the lion is a magical drama in the eyes of Muggles, it may be a documentary in the eyes of wizards!Early on Saturday morning, in order to fulfill the agreement, Remus Lupine came to Hogsmeade early in the morning, preparing to discuss future work issues with Lockhart in detail.Lockhart was very enthusiastic. He not only asked Dobby to bring some snacks, but also invited him to have lunch with him. He even specially asked Dobby to fry the steak for Lupin until it was tender, and it would be medium rare. Can.
   It really doesn't have to be like this...
    Lupine felt that his kindness was really hard to resist.Because of the indifference of the world, Lupine is also very sensitive to the kindness of others. If he is a little friendly to him, he will feel flattered.Lockhart simply didn't mention his hospitality, and instead asked about work:    How is the teaching in the new semester? Is the student file I left in the office useful?
   
   It's very easy to use.
    Lu Ping quickly thanked, 
   The syllabus and content have been determined, and the characteristics of the students have been mastered, and the difficulty is still moderate. If you follow the steps step by step, you will never make mistakes.
   
   That's good.
    Lockhart was very happy. 
   After you get used to this job, please help me take care of the club.
   
   No problem, but...
    Lupine hesitated.
   how?
   
   Is it necessary to move the furniture in the office and dormitory?
    Lupine asked anxiously. 
   I asked the principal, and he said that you left them. To be honest, they are a little too luxurious...
   
   No, no, that's the property I left to the school. The Defense Against the Dark Arts class is the most dangerous position in the school. It should be enjoyed more often... And the cabinet is made of Peruvian holy wood, which is necessary to prevent ghosts. The chandelier candles are mixed with insect repellant, and the sofa is filled with the fluff shed by baby ptarmigans when they moult, which can be used as material for polymorphs in an emergency.”
   That's too extravagant.
    Lupine sighed.No way, because I'm not good at transfiguration, if I don't use that thing as a material, I can't even use Polymorph, haha...
    Lockhart laughed at himself.Lupine shook his head again and again:    It's too extravagant...I'll bring you these furniture some other day.
   
   Absolutely not.
    Lockhart resolutely refused, 
   Reporters will come to Hogsmeade for interviews after a while, do you want them to see that Ministry of Magic officials live in luxury and can hold two large-scale events with only the cost of furniture? You can stay here, anyway, things will be left to the next professor of defense.
   Lupine thought he was right, and he seemed a little self-indulgent:    That would be disrespectful.
   Next, Lockhart and Lupine discussed work in Nigeria.The equipment for drilling has been completed, and Aiming has also decided to start construction at the end of October.Because the development of oil fields in Nigeria already has a standard process, so Ai Ming himself did not express his opinion on the next project, but they were mainly worried about two points:The first is the issue of security. Aiming believes that it is difficult for workers to guarantee safety in an environment like Nigeria, but when Lockhart said that they would hire a professional security company to protect their camp, they decided to believe him for the time being.The second point is the problem of construction. The oil and gas burial map that Gringotts handed over to Aiming Company is too detailed, including the depth and location of the oil burial, as well as the water content of the oil and the rocks in the geological formation. Structure and pressure and so on are all inclusive.Aiming is very skeptical about how they obtained these data, because as far as Aiming knows, no exploration well has been drilled in the local area, and this kind of data usually requires drilling dozens of oil wells to get.Naturally, Lockhart couldn't tell them that this is the old profession of goblins, there is a standard magic process, and they can only use things like    Shenjin Technology
   , 
   Infrasonic Sonar
   , and 
   Seismic Wave
    to prevaricate the past, and said that they can Written in the contract, if Aiming Company finds that the data is inconsistent with the actual situation, Sniff Drilling Company is willing to bear all responsibilitiesAlthough this matter was prevaricated, Ai Ming Company has developed a strong interest in the 
   new technology
    of Nixiu Drilling Company, and is doing everything possible to inquire about the company's background through investment manager William.Fortunately, William has always been known in the industry for keeping his mouth shut. He resolutely and politely cut off the outstretched tentacles, but at the same time warned Lockhart that he might not be able to hide it for a long time.It is conceivable that if a 
   responsible person
    comes by then, he will also have to accept all-pervasive inquiries from big capitalists.
   That means, in addition to security work, I have to find a way to deal with those Muggles, right?
    Lupine understood what Lockhart meant.
   Yes, in another month, Dumbledore will go to France to attend the International Conference of Wizards. At that time, he will discuss this matter with Babajid Akinbad, and ask some people from Africa to be in charge of dealing with Akinbad. Ming, those black people are very superstitious about the wizards in the tribe... o You can be responsible for dealing with Muggle spies together, and you must not let them discover our secrets, we can only count on this to make money.
   Lupine smiled heartily:    I will do my bestChapter 180 The Strange CatAfter lunch, although Lockhart invited Lupine to stay and watch a movie together, Lupine declined Lockhart's offer on the grounds that he needed to prepare lessons and correct homework./djIt seems that he is really not used to accepting other people's kindness.Before leaving, Lupine glanced at the Shrieking Shack, with a look of nostalgia in his expression—he spent the night of the full moon here with his three friends, but he did not expect to be transformed now It's the office of the Ministry of Magic.Looking at the dog house in the courtyard, Lupine's heart moved.
   Do you have a dog? Judging by the size of the dog house, it should be big, right?
   
   Yeah.
    Lockhart pretended to be indifferent and said, 
   I don't know what it ate to grow so big, I have to feed it every day, but I have to feed it a lot of things, its mouth is still He's very naughty, he refuses to eat anything that is slightly rotten, and he even learned to pretend to be cute yesterday, just to grab a piece of cheese pork chop from my plate...
   Lupine lowered his head and glanced into the dog house:    It doesn't seem to be there.
   
   Who knows where it went to run wild again... Seeing that it can catch mice and bring back a rabbit from time to time, I just let it go.
   Lupine originally wanted to find out if there was any dog ​​hair left beside the dog house, but he only dared to pretend to be casual and asked, 
   How long have you kept this dog?
   
   It's been a while.
    Lockhart deliberately covered the matter with vague words, 
   The house-elf has always been taking care of it. Apart from being a bit greedy, it's pretty strict.
    Stone
   That's it...
    Lupine seemed relieved.Even if you beat Lupine to death, he can't imagine Sirius rolling around and looking for someoneAsking for pork chops and catching mice, after all, Sirius was so cynical and arrogant in school that he looked down on almost everyone except James.
   Oh, by the way, there is one more thing. Harry Potter couldn't come to Hogsmeade on weekends because he couldn't find anyone to sign. The headmaster asked me to tell you, don't sign for him, we don't want him to go around Run around.
    Lupine remembered another business.
   Because of Black?
    Lockhart asked knowingly.
   Not only because of Black, but also because of the dementors. The influence of the dementors on Potter is too great. When you taught him Occlumency, he regained some of his baby memories... You know, That memory is not wonderful, I still have to find a way to teach him the Patronus Charm...
   
   Looks like he's running out of time for Quidditch training.
    Lockhart said regretfully.After explaining the business, Lupine bid farewell to Lockhart and walked towards the castle with a rather relaxed mood.And it was long after Lupine had gone that Black's dog's head emerged from the bushes behind the house.In order to avoid this best friend from his school days, he had gone out of his way.He had listened to all the conversations between Lockhart and Lupine just now, and it seemed that his schoolmate had not had a very happy life before.In addition, Blake also learned part of the situation of his godson.Poor kid, even the right to come to Hogsmeade has been deprived... If this kid is as smart as James, then he should have discovered a lot of secret passages in Hogwarts.And Quidditch... the kid had joined the Quidditch team, and James had written to say that he'd been running around on a toy broomstick as a baby, and he'd inherited his father's talents.It's a pity that he couldn't come to Hogsmeade to let himself have a good look, is it right?It's really that much like James.Tsk, I don't want to attract dementors either!Who knew the Ministry of Magic could be so insane!The big black dog seemed a little irritable, and this was also noticed by Dobby.
   Calball, you are here! Come out quickly, another! J is messing around, and Dobby is here to help you clean up after getting all dusty.
    Dobby shouted.Blackburn wanted to get out immediately, and let Dobby clean up the ash on his body, but he looked at the door, but suddenly retracted into the bushes and disappearedIt turned out that two Hogwarts students had appeared outside the fence of the Shrieking Shack.
   That's it, Hermione. This is a famous haunted house. It's dilapidated. I really didn't expect anyone to live here... Oh!
   Ron Weasley raised his head and looked at the screaming shack at the entrance of the village.Contrary to what his brothers had told him, the Shrieking Shack had taken on a different look after Lockhart had taken care of it.The wooden boards that nailed the door had already been removed by Lockhart, and the dilapidated wooden boards were also painted with varnish. Although the repaired roof and windows were not luxurious, they were more than enough for office use.The dog house at the entrance and the morning glory growing in the fence make this shed look full of life.Hermione didn't have any inherent impression of the Shrieking Shack. Anyway, after she heard that Lockhart lived here, she insisted on coming and taking a look, and then, as Ron said, go to Honeydukes.Sirius Black recognized Ron the first time he saw him - it was the boy!The boy with that mouse!Although he only read the newspaper for 3 minutes, Blake remembered every detail on it clearly, and in order to avoid making mistakes, he deliberately found it from the pile of discarded newspapers in Hogsmeade after he escaped from prison. Get out that paper and get all dressed up for itThe smell of ink has been complained by Dobby for a long time.Although he had already imagined the scene of revenge a thousand times or ten thousand times, he never thought that happiness would come so suddenly.Yes, just hide and wait for the mouse to come out and rush forward, give it a bite on the throat, and it's all over.Blake lowered his body, crept forward from the bushes, and dawdled under the window sill of the Shrieking Shack, eavesdropping on the conversation between Lockhart and the two students.I'm so glad you've come to see me, Ron, Hermione...ah, and Crookshanks|Hello, little one!Dobby, I'll just pour the tea, and hurry up to Honeydukes to buy some candy! 
   
   ...Don't worry so much, we'll go there later.
    Hermione said politely.
   Yeah, that Malfoy guy has been showing off for a whole year, and we're going to visit there this time, and I've saved pocket money for a summer vacation.
    Ron also echoed.
   One yard counts for one yard. After eating a little from me, you can buy it after you know which sweets are delicious. Besides, Honeydukes has prepared some new products for tonight's movie. These new products will only be available to me for the time being.
    , you can’t buy it.”
   Movie?
    Hermione and Ron said in unison.It's just that Hermione was surprised with a hint of excitement, but Ron looked very confused.
   Yeah, I found some old movies, and I'm going to open the eyes of these wizards. Tonight's movie is 
   The Wizard of Oz
   . Hermione should have seen it, but Ron can go and watch it.
   
   I only saw it once when I was a kid.
    Hermione said immediately, 
   I wouldn't mind watching it again in a wizarding village, it would be completely different.
   Ron still looked confused, as if he didn't know what happened between Lockhart and Hermione.Say something.
   You could think of it as a puppet show,
    Lockhart said, 
   only the scenes are bigger and more coherent.
   —Speaking of puppet shows, Ron seemed to understand.
   How much is the ticket?
    he asked.
   Three Sickles, but if you can bring two more classmates over to watch it together, I'll give you half the price. Children under the age of 0 are not allowed, because they can enter for free.
    Lockhart told him.Hearing the price, Ron instinctively hesitated, as if wondering if he should pay the price of a bottle of Butterbeer to see a puppet show.But Hermione immediately encouraged him:    Trust me, Ron, it's a good movie.
   
   
   
Chapter 85   
   
   
   Well, fortunately, Dad made extra money, otherwise my pocket money might not be enough.
   Hermione looked at the cat in her arms, and asked again deliberately.
   Professor Lockhart, are pets allowed in the cinema?
   
   Yes, but you have to make sure it doesn't disturb others by making noise. I'm afraid the half-breed cat and raccoon can't do this, but the mouse should be able to... Ron, you can bring Scabbers in.
    Lockhart replied.Ron shook his head regretfully:    It's a pity I didn't bring Scabbers here, Hermione's... the cat would bite it when it saw it, and it was too scared to come out, so I left it in the dormitory.
   Outside the window sill, Blake's ears fell down in disappointment: Peter, that guy escaped again, damn bastard, good luck!The cat in Hermione's arms seemed to have sensed something, it struggled twice, and jumped out of Hermione's arms.   What's the matter, Crookshanks?
    Hermione asked strangely.Crookshanks pointed in the direction of the window, sniffed vigorously, and then his eyes suddenly became extremely sharp.Chanting???
   Under the surprised eyes of everyone, Crookshanks suddenly jumped out of the window.Blake was lying outside the window, when he suddenly saw a mass of ginger-yellow things jumping out, he was also taken aback.But when he saw the mass clearly, a string of memories in his mind seemed to be plucked suddenly.Crookshanks didn't care that much, as soon as he saw Black, he rushed up angrily, scratching and biting the big black dog.Lockhart, Hermione, and Ron came out after hearing the sound, just in time to see the scene of Crookshanks chasing and scratching a black dog.
   Look! As I said, it's a crazy cat! It bites everyone!
    Ron yelled at Hermione. Is there anything you dare not bite? 
   Hermione's face flushed instantly.She peeked over to Lockhart, hoping he didn't catch what Ron said.Fortunately, Lockhart seemed to be wondering why the cat and dog started fighting as soon as they met, and didn't pay attention to Hermione's side, so she was relieved.
   Crookshanks, stop!
    Hermione yelled.Chapter 180 Conjecture on the origin of CrookshanksUp to now, everything was expected by Lockhart, even mentioning Scabbers intentionally or unintentionally, he did it all by himself.But he was really a little strange, why Crookshanks would rush to bite when he saw Black's Animagus form, because it is clearly recorded in the original book that the relationship between them is not bad....Wait, are you on good terms?Why did a cat and racist choose to believe in Black just after meeting him, and was willing to help him catch Ron's mouse?Did they know each other before?If he remembers correctly, Crookshanks has been in the pet store for many years and has never been bought by anyone. Whenever someone looks at it, he will throw a temper tantrum and scare people away until Hermione takes it down. .Why does Crookshanks not lie to others, but only to Hermione?No, what if instead of Hermione, Crookshanks recognized someone else there?Been in the pet store for years...Thinking of this, he asked Hermione beside him.
   Has this cat been clinging to you since you bought it?
   Hermione shook her head in confusion:    No, Harry is his favorite clinger, and he sleeps on Harry's lap in the common room.
   Ron also corroborated her statement:    Yes, sometimes we wake up in the morning and see this cat sleeping on Harry's quilt, and he can't breathe.—I think he must have been hungry in the night and wanted to eat Scabbers. 
   After hearing this, Lockhart turned his attention to the cat and the dog who were fighting again.Of course, Crookshanks is definitely not an Animagus, it is a half-breed cat and raccoon, that's for sure.The mixed-breed cat Lizi has a good memory, is particularly clever, and can sense danger to a certain extent, so many wizarding families like to keep one at home.When James Potter and Lily Evans got married, they also raised a mixed-breed cat, but the cat's whereabouts disappeared after Voldemort's attack.Could it be…If this is the case, then this matter becomes very interesting, and it is only normal for Crookshanks to be clingy to Harry.If I remember correctly, the great prophet Rowling often describes the scene where Crookshanks clings to Harry in the book—you know, she never likes to make meaningless descriptions, such as the mention in Philosopher's Stone that 
   knocked over the strange Luo
   , 
   the pool of water
    and 
   mirror
    mentioned in the secret room are not random details, but are paving the way for the final answer.As a writer who likes to dig holes in the book, Lockhart has reason to suspect that this is what Rowling is hinting at, but in the end he failed to use this plan.Looking back on the court, I saw that although Black was very embarrassed by Crookshanks, he never fought back.And after noticing that he had attracted the attention of others, the big black dog jumped into the bushes and disappeared after barking a few times.Crookshanks didn't budge, and he followed into the bushes without hesitation, and from the way he looked, it seemed that he would not let the dog rest until he was scratched to death.
   Crookshanks!
   cried Hermione worriedly, and looked like she wanted to run after her.Lockhart caught her in time:    It's okay, the pets are fighting and fighting among themselves.Already, they'll come back by themselves when it's meal time, and that dog isn't dangerous, I promise. 
   Hermione was a little embarrassed:    Sorry, professor, I will take care of I-1 when I go back.dagger.
   I've said it all, I'm no longer a teacher, so don't call me a professor.
    Lockhart said helplessly, 
   Let's go, let's have something to eat first, go shopping after you have rested, and watch a movie together at night. The quality of the film will definitely surprise you.As if to confirm what Lockhart said, after a while, after Lockhart entertained the two of them with snacks, the big black dog and the big yellow cat walked back to the Screaming Shack together.Although the hair of the big black dog was a little lingering and there were a few bloodstains from scratching its paws on its body, at least they had calmed down.Although Crookshanks still looked a little vigilant, and the distance between Sirius and Sirius was kept at two or three steps away, the hostility in his eyes when he looked at the big black dog had lost, and he didn't know that Sirius how it is done.
   Looks like they're done... Dobby, help me pour them some pet food, tuna flavored ones, and rub some medicine on the briquettes,
    Lockhart called.
   Okay, master.
    Dobby followed his order immediately.He certainly enjoyed entertaining Harry Potter's friends, but Dobby still regretted that Harry himself wasn't there - he couldn't show off his new 12-flavor fruit syrup pie.Seeing her cat come back, Hermione stood up quickly.
   Really... Crookshanks, you still like to run around, why didn't I see it before.
   She held it up in front of her eyes, and then looked at it carefully for a while, until she didn't find any wounds on it, and she was relieved.The big yellow cat behaved very well-behaved, even though Hermione searched its whole body without making a sound, its honest appearance made it hard to believe that it was the one that bared its teeth and claws just now.Ron looked at it with disgust:    I repeat, I still suggest you throw it away.
   
   Ron!
   Due to Lockhart's presence, Hermione was not easy to get angry, but Ron's EQ was indeed extremely low, and she almost couldn't help it.In order to smooth things over, Lockhart changed the subject and talked with the two about school life.The two of them were distracted, and they started talking about life in the new semester, the new Defense professor, the little things with Harry, and how unhappy he couldn't come to Hogsmeade etc.The big black dog listened very carefully, because this was a rare way to understand his godson.It turned out that he also joined the Quidditch team, and he was still a Seeker... Unfortunately, James is a Chaser, and he rarely plays as a Seeker.For Black, meeting Crookshanks, the cat and raccoon, was a complete accident, although he had to spend a lot of time to convince him that he was indeed innocent, and it was Peter who betrayed the Potters. But Crookshanks remains skeptical.
   You can go back and look at that mouse to see if it's missing a toe,
    Sirius told it in the unique way of communication between animals.If all goes well, when it finds out that the mouse is indeed Peter, I believe it will agree to help itself, after all, this cat is so smart.Hermione and Ron were still visiting Hogsmeade, so they only talked for less than an hour before saying goodbye.Lockhart asked them to go to Honeydukes to post his own name, I believe the owner is willingHe offered to give them some new snacks to try, and Ron happily agreed.Finally, Hermione seemed to remember something again.She shyly took out a badge from her bag with the word SPEW engraved on it, and handed it to Lockhart with Ron's helpless expression on his face.
   I wonder if you would like to join our association?
    Hermione said expectantly, 
   In order to care about the rights and interests of house elves...
   Lockhart laughed out loud, with a sort of 
   sure enough
    in his smile.
   It seems that since I asked you to think last time, you have indeed thought about it. If this is the final answer you handed over, although I can't give you 100 points, at least 60 points are available... Okay, I decided to join This association, and I want to donate 5 galleons in my own name for the association's dues.
    He took the 
   vomit
    badge from Hermione's hand.Hermione was overjoyed:    So, you agree with my approach?
   Lockhart immediately poured cold water on her:    No, in fact, I don't agree with your way of handling it, but it's always good to try more when you are young. After you operate it for a period of time and find problems from it, If you come to ask me again, I will definitely talk endlessly.”Hermione looked a little disappointed:    Why not now?
   
   Because detours always have to be taken.
    Lockhart said to her patiently, 
   If you can promote reforms together by yourself, it means that you at least know how to balance, compromise and fight, which will bring great benefits to you. You have grown a lot, and what you gain from this growth will be far greater than the issues you promote.”To put it bluntly, Lockhart actually doesn't care about the rights of the house-elves, but he is very concerned about the growth of one of his many future successors, because this is his core purpose.And public policy, legal principles, social psychology... It is not easy to learn these things.If you have nothing to do as a secretary, then you are very wrong.Chapter 180 Three 
   The Wizard of Oz
    is a fable 0Hermione still didn't understand what Lockhart said, but she was very happy with the 
   expectation
    in his words.It goes to show that Lockhart does take her 
   upbringing
    to heart and doesn't take her promotion of house-elf rights as a joke like everyone else.As for what Lockhart meant, Hermione also understood what he meant. It was nothing more than saying that he was not optimistic about her 
   career
   .But this instead aroused her competitiveness. She wanted to finish this thing beautifully, and then take 
   victory
    to prove to Lockhart that she was completely different from other brainless girls. He's good looking only to look forward to.Lockhart didn't pay much attention to this kind of petty thinking. Anyway, he only regarded this kind of relationship as 
   growing pains
    at the moment; it's too easy for a young man to confuse all kinds of strange feelings.Next, Hermione and Ron went to visit Hogsmeade, which they had been in love with for a long time, and it was considered to have fulfilled a wish they had had for more than two years.Lockhart felt that Hogsmeade is really not much to visit now, with fifty or sixty houses and twenty or so shops, it is not as prosperous as a large supermarket in London.But things are afraid of comparison. Compared with other villages in the wizarding world, Hogsmeade is already considered good. At least there is no problem in giving third-year little wizards a sense of freshness for about half a year.After Ron walked out of the Shrieking Shack, he went straight to the Honeydukes Candy Store, wanting to get the 
   deals
    that Lockhart said
   There are so many people there, we can easily find two classmates and get half-price movie tickets.
    Ron said proudly to Hermione.As a result, at the gate of Honeydukes, they met Wei Wei who was also in a hurry.sly twinsRon's eyes lit up—these are just two people.As a result, before he could speak, Fred rushed forward first.
   Thank God, there are just two of us... Would you like to go to the movies? Remember to state my name when you buy the ticket, and I can get a half-price ticket.
   Ron and Hermione were stunned. At this moment, they felt as if they were traffickers who were sold by the hostages they had kidnapped.Because the little wizards had to go back to Hogwarts before dinner, they could only stay and watch the afternoon show.But it was enough for Lockhart—the temporary extra seats in the open-air cinema were all filled.This kind of viral marketing introduced from person to person is really effective. Although some students from wizarding families don’t know what the movie is, they still bought tickets under the encouragement of their Muggle classmates, and brought the tickets they bought from Honeydukes and The Three Broomsticks. Snacks and drinks, sitting in the open air.In addition, Lockhart also saw Ambrosio Froome, the boss of Honeydukes, which surprised him a lot, because he felt that the boss should be busy with business at this time and didn't have time to watch movies. right.When Lockhart asked him, he shrugged at Lockhart with a wry smile.
   They bought out my stock... just had to close the store.
   
   Is the business so good?
    Lockhart was a little surprised.
   That's right.
    The boss glanced at the students with relief, 
   After all, it's the baby boomer generation... I still underestimated the number of third graders this year.
   
   Then you have to be careful, the number of second graders is one-third more than this year's third graders, and I also heard from Lupine that the number of first graders this year is simplyamazing.I suspect that if there is an increase in the number of this year's first years every year, maybe by the time they graduate, Hogwarts will be able to return to the grandeur of having a thousand students,
    Lockhart told him.The joy on Froome's face couldn't be concealed:    That's really great!Lockhart believed that he was sincere. Whether it was for the development of the wizarding world or for Honeydukes to make more money, Froome definitely hoped that the wizarding population would increase.Besides, these little wizards are really good at spending money.Only those who make their own money know how valuable money is, and these students who are still in school are obviously not among them.Because their source of income is their parents, they can ask for more when they have no money. To some extent, this can be regarded as an 
   inexhaustible
    existence.Although the little wizards are not rich, they dare to spend all their pocket money, so their spending power is higher than that of the villagers.
   
   
Chapter 86   
   
   Lockhart looked around and found that, as expected, the little wizards basically carried snacks and drinks in their hands, and some even held toys bought from Zuko's joke shop.Very good, brainwashing... Ahem, education should start with babies.Like 
   The Sound of Music,
    
   The Wizard of Oz
    got the buzz it deserved.After all, it is an award-winning work, and the story is naturally not mentioned, and it is also a work that has proved its strength at the box office.Its plot is also not complicated. A kind and brave little girl was blown to the magic country by a tornado, and met three partners on the way home: finally defeated the evil witch and returned home successfully.But apart from the story itself, the wizarding and muggle point of view of the filmMovies are totally different.For example, Muggles think that the magical    Dwarf Kingdom
   , 
   Flying Ruby Slippers
    and 
   Evil Witch
    are very normal things for wizards, so the 
   fantasy
    element is undoubtedly reduced a lot.For wizards, 
   The Wizard of Oz
    is more like a fable.Whether it is the lion who is looking for courage, the scarecrow who is looking for a brain, or the tin woodman who is looking for a heart, they all have their own images. If you add the kind Dorothy, then these four characters coincide with Huo Gwartz's four colleges.Gryffindor who is looking for courage, Ravenclaw who is looking for wisdom, Slytherin who is ambitious, and Hufflepuff who is tough and honest are similar to Lion, Scarecrow, Tin Woodman and Dorothy.So by mistake, the students from wizarding families understood the theme of this movie as 
   the four colleges go hand in hand to fulfill their dreams
   , which was an unexpected gain for Lockhart.Especially when Dorothy finally found out that the so-called 
   wizard with boundless magic power
    was just a Muggle who fooled everyone by relying on tornadoes and various 
   high-tech
    gadgets that he carried with him, the children who were watching the movie The wizards all exclaimed.In the end, technology is indeed indistinguishable from magic - which is very much in line with the ideas Lockhart wants to instill.Although the effect is not obvious at present, and some things still need to be realized by the young wizards, but the age of 11-17 is indeed an important period for the formation of a person's worldview and values, even if they are not preached, continue to develop in this way subtly If the influence continues, I believe that there will be more or less influence in the future.So Lockhart has been observing the reactions of the little wizards, and found that except for the fact that the evil witch who ruled the kingdom was defeated in a funny way, which is a bit dissatisfied, the rest are pretty good, and the little wizards basically accepted the film. settings in .The film was undeniably a success - it was very popular with the students, and they all said that they have had another regular project at Hogsmeade ever since.In addition to these potential gains, Lockhart also has some material gains.In just one afternoon session, Lockhart earned 10 Galleons for the Ministry of Magic's second project. According to this speed estimate, the time he originally expected to recover the cost was too conservative. He didn't have to wait too long It is possible to 
   collect
    new and old film reels.More importantly, the income of Honey Duke, Three Broomsticks and Zuko will not be less than him: the consumption power brought by the movie is enough to benefit the whole village.   A lot of senior students didn't come today. I guess it's because they are tired of coming here, thinking that there will be nothing new here...Talk to them, and then let them regret going!
    Lockhart told Today The students who came to watch the movie shoutedAlthough Lockhart no longer coached, the popularity he had accumulated before was still there, so his words immediately caused a burst of booing from the young wizards in the audience.
   No problem, Professor! Let them regret it!
    Fred and George shouted llThis sentence from Lockhart undoubtedly inspired a group of makeup dealers, 
   Eddie from Ravenclaw came to Lockhart alone after the movie and asked if he could sell him some Uggang tickets.
   
   I've inquired about it, and the villagers usually only need 2 Sickles to watch it for one night, but we need 3... If you trust me, you can give me some of the tickets to sell. I sell 2 Sickles for a night.
    Zhang, so there will be more people coming on weekends, what do you think?
   
   How much commission do you want?
    Lockhart asked.
   half.Lockhart rejected him without hesitation:    Don't think about it, with such a large space, I have extended the time to pay back several times.
   Eddie, who was exposed, showed no embarrassment at all. It is a universal rule that you can't lose your face if you want money.
   Then it's half a Sickle, or 10 Nats are fine. I'm still in charge of publicity and development of the downline. I really can't do less than this amount!
    He pleaded with a playful smile on his face.What does Ferr want this business for? 
   Lockhart was puzzled, 
   The school is so small that there are hundreds of people. For 10 Nats, even if you can sell 200 tickets a week, you will only earn 5 Galleons, and several people will share it. It's not as good as your profits from selling binoculars... I saw that this year's Hogwarts students' teaching materials list includes your fair's binoculars. 
   Eddie looked serious:    How many things we can sell is just the second thing. The professor's point is that we must let the students only come to us to buy things, so no matter what they want, we must have it.
   Good guy, this even took aim at pricing power, Lockhart immediately looked sideways at it.Chapter 180 Four CluesWhen Hermione and Ron went to Hogsmeade, Harry Potter, who was left alone in the castle, was a little upset.Originally, according to regulations, Hogwarts students could only go to Hogsmeade during the holidays.But for some reason, Dumbledore suddenly announced that everyone is free to go every weekend in the future.The students were naturally happy, but Harry was even more melancholy.Originally, he thought that the whole day today could be used to train Quidditch, so even if he couldn't go to Hogsmeade, it wouldn't be a big deal, but he didn't expect Oliver Wood to suddenly become very enlightened. After the holiday, let the team members go to Hogsmeade to relax.If I have eight hours to chop wood, I'll spend two of those hours sharpening my axe' - that's my family motto. said Wood to Harry.
   Grind what?
    Harry asked dryly.
   I mean, it's also important to go to the store and buy some safety goggles, or have the broom professionally groomed and maintained, and I suggest you get some Honeydukes fly toffee and chocolate balls to eat before your flight Two, the air at high altitude is not so chilly, I see you are shivering every time you get off the broom...
   Thank you, Wood.
   Harry stopped Wood's chatter and didn't tell him that he couldn't go to Hogsmeade.He couldn't tell everyone he couldn't make it to Hogsmeade, could he?Otherwise, Malfoy would die laughing.Can't practice Quidditch, and Harry really doesn't want to do homework today, soHe went to the Dueling Club, wanting to vent his anger at not being able to go to Hogsmeade in a duel.It's a pity that most of the students in the same grade went to Hogsmeade, and all the seniors who were tired of going to the Dueling Club were left behind, and Harry, the kid in the lower grades, didn't bother to bully, so he could only challenge by leapfrogging.However, after this challenge, he realized that there were too many senior students left behind.Cedric Diggory saw Harry early on and greeted him.
   Hey, Harry! I remember you weren't sixteen yet? Why are you here too? Aren't you going to Hogsmeade?
    he asked.Harry felt a little baffled:    When did the Dueling Club start to limit the age?
   When Cedric heard him ask this, he knew that Harry had just come here by chance.
   It's nothing... I thought you had heard about that too, so you came here to prepare.
   Harry was a little sensitive:    What preparation?
   Cedric was vague:    A tournament, I can't say what it is, but those of us who have family members in the Ministry of Magic should have heard of it, so everyone wants to come here in advance to find out the status, in case you are selected... 
   
   A competition? A duel competition?
   
   ...Well, no, but it's about the same, but I heard that you have to be 17 years old to participate, so everyone who turned 16 this year is here, look...
   Harry looked around, and found that most of the people left were senior students, and most of them were Slytherins, and most of the rest came from wizard families in the Dueling Club.good luck! 
   Harry blessed Cedric with high EQ.Anyway, it is impossible for him to let himself grow to be 17 years old before next year. Since he can't participate, he might as well bless those who are close to him-as long as it is not Slytherin who wins.
   Thank you.
    Cedric also answered him politely.After forcing himself to duel with the seniors a few times, Harry returned to the Gryffindor common room with two wins and four losses, even more depressed.And the return of Ron and Hermione made his bad mood worse-they talked to Harry about Hogsmeade, which made Harry feel itchy.What Honeydukes candy store, what Devis-Bance who specializes in broom maintenance, the elegant wizard clothing store that sells strange clothes, and Zoko joke shop...This feeling is like 
   while others are sitting, you are standing. When others are eating, you are watching
   ,
   ...Even Fred and George said that Hogsmeade this year was very different from previous years, with the village just getting running water and movies, it looked as if... something big was going to happen. 
   Hermione recalled.
   Maybe it's because the school will hold a competition next year!
    Harry replied listlessly.
   What game?
    Hermione was curious.
   I don't know, it might have something to do with the duel.
    Harry sighed, 
   Digory said that you can only participate in it when you are 17 years old.
   
   Then unless we drink aging medicine from today, we will definitely not be able to catch up.
    Ron thought thoughtfully, 
   Wait... Now that I'm talking about it, it suddenly occurred to me that Dad had mentioned this incident by accident, but I I thought he was talking about the Quidditch World Cup.
   
   The Quidditch World Cup?
    Harry heard a new term, 
   Is there a World Cup here too?
   
   Yeah.
    Ron put the Hogsmeade matter behind him in a blink of an eye, 
   It's just that the results of the British team are not very good, especially England. Losing to Transylvania by 10:390 is too miserable.   
   It's too miserable.
    Harry agreed, 
   I really didn't expect the gap to be so big.
   
   It's normal.
    Hermione shrugged, 
   England has mostly big cities, so there are very few wizards living there, and it's very difficult for them to gather a team.
   What about Scotland? There should be a lot of wizards here, right?
    Harry asked again.
   Scotland lost to Luxembourg in an upset last month, and they were runners-up in the last World Cup!
    Ron said with an expression on his face that the end of the world was coming, 
   Don't remind me of this, Harry, you didn't see that everyone was very happy. Didn't you talk about it tacitly?
   Harry quickly apologized:    Oh, I'm sorry...it seems we can only count on Wales, isn't it?
   
   It doesn't matter, you just don't know...Wales are indeed very promising. They are facing Uganda. They will play next month. Merlin bless me. I suspect that group of Africans don't even know what Quidditch is...
   
   Ron!
   Hermione was writing something, but she corrected Ron immediately after hearing Ron's nonsense:    I read from the Quidditch trace that the only wizarding school in Africa—Wagadu is in Uganda, and they have been there since 10 years ago. The youth training has started. If there are no accidents, the Uganda team should usher in the first batch of players of the right age this year. I hope the Welsh team will not be careless.
   
   So what, Wales can't lose.
    Ron looked confident, 
   Besides, there's the Irish team.
   
   What. Ireland? Isn't Ireland split off? They also belong to the devilMinistry of Law? 
   Harry was a little surprised.
   Don't use the nationality of Muggles to say that we wizards, Harry.
    Ron laughed. 
   We wizards are much more united than Muggles.
   
   Wish I could go see the game too,
    Harry said hopefully.Ron thought for a while:    ...Who said no? I'll ask my dad to find a way to get two more tickets for the final.
   
   Really?
    Harry was overjoyed, 
   How much is a ticket? I'll buy it!
   
   No, he has a way to get internal tickets. Besides, Dad has earned a lot of extra money this year, and he is worried about how to tell Mom. He will only be relieved if he buys two more tickets.
   
   Two? I'll go too?
    Hermione raised her head from the state of scribbling.
   of course.
   Ron had been extraordinarily generous, and there weren't many times like this in the past.Harry laughed when he heard it, and he guessed where Mr. Weasley was earning extra moneyHe was about to stand up from the table, only to find that his legs sank again.
   Crookshanks... when did it lie on my lap again?
    Harry was puzzled.
   Probably when you were doing your homework for astronomy class.
    Ron looked disgusted, 
   I'll get rid of the cat's fur before going upstairs, and Scabbers will be surprised by its smell...Hermione, your homework Isn't it finished?
   Hermione was still writing quickly:    I'm writing the constitution of SPEW, and I plan to release 20 house elves within this year.
   Harry and Ron shrugged in unison.Chapter 180 Five Old WandAfter the weekend, Lockhart took an inventory of the movie theater's income in the past few days, and found that half of his plan to pay back his capital had been completed.In other words, if it was the end of the month, not only would the 300 Galleons allocated to him by the Ministry of Magic not be used up, but there might even be some more.This is not a good thing—if you let your superiors know that your 
   department
    actually has extra money, then you will only get less money when you issue the budget next time, and you will be stretched when you really need the money.It’s fine if saving money can speed up your promotion path, but since ancient times, I have never heard of officials who succeeded in reducing the administrative costs of departments, so there are no civil servants who save money for the country in this world, everyone It’s all about spending as much as the budget has, and even complaining to the top every year that they are poor.Obviously saving money for the country is a 
   credit
   , but why should one's own department be punished for it?It's not fair!Therefore, Lockhart must find a way to use up the money before the end of the month, and it is best to owe a little money, so that the Ministry of Magic can worry about it.But spending money is also a science. It is not an easy task to spend cleanly and 
   cleanly
    while leaving room for the future.Fortunately, Lockhart is familiar with this.Generally speaking, if an administrative department wants to withhold the budget, or to create a 
   small treasury
   , there are actually many means, but they are also divided into those who are afraid of investigation, and those who are investigated have problems but will not hurt their muscles and bones. Yes, there are several types that are not afraid of checking at all.Among them, the ones that are afraid of investigation are of course the storage of public funds in private treasury, the use of asset rental to obtain income, and false expenditures. This is not only a matter of fines, but also of liability.The possibility of people being imprisoned is quite high.Although Lockhart feels that wizards are still immature in this area, he still doesn't intend to challenge this bottom line, especially when Fudge and his gang are still eyeing him. Ruined his own future.But there are still some means, such as operating income from the establishment of movie theaters to collect tickets, some off-book assets such as securities and cryptocurrencies, and pending payments to third-party companies. Even if they are found out, it doesn’t matter, fines It was nothing more than a fine of three glasses of wine, a disciplinary punishment that was not recorded in the file, and then confiscated.As for some other things, such as 
   surplus
   , 
   emergency funds
   , and fines obtained by various units through administrative means, the superiors would not want to investigate even if they knew about it, because everyone is doing it.So these things are like 
   fire consumption
   , and they have become extra income for civil servants in the central government of various countries.Otherwise, where did the minister of the U.S. European Command get a mistress in his wallet, and where did the garrisons get money for them to use their business cards to spend 600 sums of money to strip clubs.Another example is the several times when the U.S. government shut down. If it weren’t for the “small treasury” kept by various means in various departments to maintain the operation, the functions of the entire system may have collapsed long ago.As for Japan, it relied on the 
   Kasumigaseki Buried Gold
    to spend the unbearable two or three years, and successfully survived until the time when Anbei couldn't enter the third stage. The 
   small treasury
    privately kept by the department can be called It is indispensable.Civil servants all over the world belong to the same family. Lockhart is naturally well-versed in such a small means, and he is also very happy to have the opportunity to save a small treasury for his department. As for what the money will be used for in the future , he hasn't figured this out yetAnyway, it will not be used for personal enjoyment, because the money is not more than one percent of Lockhart's current net worth.In any case, if you want to set up a small treasury, of course you must first establish a project.Lockhart didn't say anything, and without anyone's urging, he took the initiative to
   
   
Chapter 87   
   
   He worked overtime in his hut to come up with a set of 
   Hogsmeade One Year Plan
   , and added a lot of new projects to it.Of course, whether one-third of these projects can be implemented in the end is a question mark, but this does not prevent Lockhart from using this to increase the budget and come up with a thicker list of budget applications.The ticket income of the movie theater is temporarily stored in a 
   temporary insurance account
    (that is, the left drawer of his desk) by Lockhart under the name of 
   not yet counted
   , and it will not be included in the budget. Hart will spend the money legally and distribute it to his own stakeholders in the name of 
   building an indoor movie theater.
   In addition, such as the construction and maintenance of water supply facilities, the expansion of the Three Broomsticks guest room, and the 
   advance payment
    of various projects that are still planned, jointly divided up the budget for the whole year of 1993.Of course, Lockhart felt that it would not be enough if he just spent the money on paper, and he would use this opportunity to expand his staff.So besides writing his work report, he also filled out an application form to increase his office staff.It can be said that he has to be confident in asking for new staff, because he has only been in Hogsmeade for a little over a month, and he has completed two 
   big projects
   . There is probably no way for the Ministry to deny his statement.After writing these things, Lockhart called Dobby.
   Dobby! I'm going to report to the Ministry of Magic. I won't be in the Shrieking Shack for two days. You and the briquettes should take good care of the house.
   
   Yes, master.
    Dobby quickly agreed.
   Of course, you don't have to stay here all day. Anyway, there is nothing to steal in my office, just lock it well. After you get paid, you can go to the Fengya Wizard Dress Shop to buy something you like. If you like, You can also walk around hereGo shopping... By the way, this is for you. 
   Dobby looked at a wand handed over by Lockhart, and his brain couldn't react.
   Master, this is...
   
   My old wand, but after I came back from a trip and my personality changed, this wand didn't suit me so well, so I got a new one. You can use this wand.
   Dobby was taken aback. 
   Wand, for me? Seriously? It's a wand!
   
   Who told you to give it to you?
    Lockhart asked back, 
   I just lent it to you temporarily to protect the Ministry of Magic and my own property...I think you are stupid and like to wear fancy clothes, It's very similar to me before, maybe it can be used
   Master, you are so kind to Dobby.
    Dobby cried with joy, 
   Dobby is probably the first elf ever to use a magic wand!
   
   Huh?
    Lockhart thought for a moment uncertainly, 
   The first one?
   
   Absolutely!
    Dobby looked at the wand, his eyes full of desire, 
   Oh, no, no, Dobby can't...
   He suddenly hit the wall with his head without any order from Lockhart.
   No! House-elves are not supposed to touch wands!
   He yelled hoarse, his head hit the shed
   Stop!
    Lockhart hastily stopped its masochistic behavior, 
   Aren't you a free house elf? I allow you to use your wand if necessaryDobby shook his head again and again:    But wizards' magic is very different from that of house elves.,Although Dobby can use one or two wizards' magic, they are all secretly imitated and learned in the past... In short, the wand is not very useful in the hands of our house elves.And because of the ancient magic in our blood, we can't directly cast spells on the wizard. 
   
   Can't you?
    Lockhart asked in surprise. 
   Can't make any attacks? Not even your master's enemies?
   
   It's okay to attack the master's enemies, but you can't directly cast spells on the wizard.
   
   But I remember Harry said that you used magic on Malfoy.
   
   That's Dobby's surreptitious exchange... What Dobby attacked was something in the hands of the former owner., and that thing would hurt him...
   For some reason, when it came to this, Dobby's face, which resembled that of Emperor Pu, showed a hint of cunning.It was only then that Lockhart understood why the house elves, who knew magic, attacked the Death Eaters with pots, pans, knives and forks during the Battle of Hogwarts.
   So that's it, then you can put it in the right drawer, anyway, I won't need it for the time being, of course, you can use it to cast some housework spells.
   
   Okay, master.
   Although Dobby agreed, judging by the expression on his hands holding the wand as if looking at a sacred object, he probably won't be using it in a short time.—The big black dog, who was pretending to be asleep, moved its ears, and then let out a very false snoring sound.Chapter 180 Six DebriefingAs the first job report after going out on business, Lockhart's report card is not bad, even if the budget of 300 Galleons was completely spent on paper.Barty Crouch's stern face also loosened:    Good job, but I remember that Ms. Lutkin should have told you to save you some money.
   Don't be kidding, there are no civil servants who save money in this world.Lockhart says
   All our money is taken from the people, and of course we must return it to the people as soon as possible.
    Lockhart said it was extremely great, honorable and correct, 
   And I spend very little on official expenses, and these funds basically become It has become the property of the Ministry of Magic, and I don't think anyone will gossip about it.
   
   Indeed.
    Mr. Crouch confirmed his statement.In fact, Mr. Crouch did not criticize Lockhart precisely because of this, because he knew that Lockhart chose the Screaming Shack as an office in order to 
   save money
   , which was shabby enough, let alone used Blocking Yoyo's mouth, even his political opponents couldn't say anything.But he still had to knock on Lockhart, lest he get carried away and forget the fact that he still needed support.
   I'll tell you something, Rita Skeeter has said strange things in the newspaper again, you have to be careful.
    Crouch reminded him.
   Oh? What did Ms. Skeeter say?
    Lockhart asked, pretending to be very interested.Zhuang also said in the newspaper that you have done everything you can to win people's attention, and that the biggest contribution you have made since you took office for more than a month is 
   destroying the history of Hogsmeade.
   The long-standing village style' and 
   poisoning the simple villagers with the spirit of hedonism
   
   My God,
    Lockhart sighed, 
   I wish more people would come and poison me in the same way... Didn't she mention the dementor's influence on the villagers?■
   Probably mentioned a few words.
    Crouch glanced at the newspaper next to him:    Oh.oo this is a 
   necessary price
   
   
   I knew it.
    Lockhart pouted.Seeing that the beating was almost done, Crouch talked about the business.Ur said, 
   What does 'a person's too busy' mean? Is there so much to do?
    he asked.
   Of course, if we want to hold an unprecedented grand event.
    Lockhart snapped his fingers and counted Crouch one by one:   It took me a month to show the sincerity of the Ministry of Magic to the villagers, and then I will do a large-scale civil renovation of Hogsmeade, and then use these renovations to show my ambition to those sponsors, and wait until next year , I also need to deal with those international friends who come to investigate, and I have to be very busy with this part alone... But I also need a special clerk and negotiator to help me ask for sponsorship fees from those companies. Although the matter is not complicated , but it also requires people with certain qualities to handle it.”After hearing this, Crouch felt that Lockhart's request was reasonable:    In other words, you need someone from a pure-blood family to help you?
   Lockhart spread his hands:    Why must it be from a pure-blood family?
   
   Don't be stupid, you can only get the price if they come forward. Otherwise, no matter which company you negotiate with, their shareholders will make you overwhelmed.
    Crouch put on a stiff face, and explained to him a most cruel Reality.Io looks like I have no choice, are you going to give me a hand? 
    Lockhart asked deliberately.Although the Crouch family is sparsely populated, they are at least one of the 28 pure bloods.If Rauch is willing to come forward, he should be able to help him get one or two pure-blood wizards.And to put it bluntly, it wasn't Crouch who came forward. With Lockhart's identity as a half-blood, he would never be able to command a pure-blood.Crouch obviously also thought of this, so he proposed a plan.
   Since this is the case, I think you should take responsibility and accept one or two interns who have just graduated from school. Although you have only worked for a short time, I think your quality is comparable to some old fritters... I mean old staff , It is enough to train newcomers.
   Training newcomers?
    Lockhart repeated.
   Yes, for the talent pool of the Ministry of Magic...you know.
   Of course Lockhart understood what he meant—an intern would never steal his political achievements.
   Thank you very much, Director!
   Lockhart's thanks are sincere this time. Not only did Crouch not create trouble for him, but he also took whatever he wanted in his application, and even took the initiative to check for gaps in his plan. There are not many such good bosses. see you.
   You don't need to thank me, just concentrate on doing your job well.
    Crouch's expression still didn't change much.That night, Lockhart invited a few people who were compatible with the Ministry of Magic to have a drink together to connect with his colleagues.Of course, in his words, 
   study the possibility of cross-departmental cooperation
   .The people he invited included his boss, Mr. Crouch, Peasegood, who had just been promoted to the Department of Magical Law Enforcement, his friendly colleague, Mr. Weasley, the second in command of the Auror office, Robards, and the Experimental Spell Committee. gilbert whymple and the miraculousAmos Diggory, Animal Control Division.Although Mr. Crouch made a toast to everyone, he also noticed that all the people who came except him were under 40 years old, and none of them had higher official positions than him.Therefore, Lockhart should have invited him only out of respect for him, representing his relationship with his boss without defense, not that this reception was prepared for him.Crouch knew it too, so after drinking a glass of wine, he said goodbye on the grounds that he had something to do, leaving the group of young people to go crazy by themselves.Sure enough, when Crouch left, the atmosphere at the scene became active.
   It seems that you have been doing well recently, and even your boss has come to support you.
    Peasegood congratulated Lockhart with a sour tone.5 There, I am just a fledgling. 
   Lockhart said modestly, 
   If you still stay in the Department of Magic and Disasters, you might already be the deputy director. 
   
   It's useless to be a deputy director in that place, there will only be more things to be busy.
    Pisgood sighed.
   Whatever, I'll be busy everywhere anyway, the key is 
   is this enough...
    Lockhart made a 
   money
    gesture, 
   If this is enough, I'd rather be busy every day.
   
   If I had your money, I'd quit,
    said Pisgood half-truthfully.
   Just kidding, what's the point of being alive like that.
    Lockhart raised the wine glass in his hand:    Just find another reason?
   Pisgood did not refuse.No matter whether they are proud or frustrated, everyone is now a colleague of the Ministry of Magic, and there is not too much difference in identity and age between them, so it is the time when they have the most common topics.And this 
   common topic
    is nothing more than some parents' short stories and promotion,As for more in-depth topics, I'm afraid we have to wait for everyone to get better at it.After everyone had drunk enough, Lockhart finally revealed the true meaning of his treat.
   There are too few people drinking, so it's boring...I want to invite a few more people to the next reception.
   Everyone didn't take it seriously at first, only Weasley asked casually who he planned to invite.
   The manager of Nimbus, Comet, Sweeping, the British president of Fengya wizard clothing store: the editor-in-chief of the    Daily Prophet
   , the president of the Extraordinary Apothecary Society, and the director of St. Mungo's Hospital.
    Lockhart said solemnly replied.Now there is no way for everyone to continue drinking.I knew that it would never be okay for this kid to invite everyone to drink, he is really good at making troubles.Although the wizarding world lags behind Muggles in most fields, bureaucrats all over the world are self-taught when it comes to the transfer of benefits, such as this kind of 
   elite club
    that invites celebrities to join, is everywhere.
   Wait, we all know what you've been doing recently, but everything else is easy to understand. Why is the dean of St. Mungo invited?
    Mr. Weasley asked everyone's concern.Lockhart opened his mouth and came:    Because this project requires everyone to cooperate, but our current authority is insufficient...
   
   Stop! We haven't promised you yet!
    Others interrupted him hastily.Chapter 180 VII Interdepartmental Joint Law EnforcementTo put it bluntly, Lockhart's idea was not complicated, it could even be said to be simple and rude.But the only problem is that Lockhart doesn't have that much power right now, so many ideas can only stay on paper.But if he can get enough allies in the Ministry of Magic, then things are another matter.
   The Triwizard Tournament will be held perfectly, I am confident in that.
    Lockhart expressed confidence.
   We all know your ability, but then?
    Everyone didn't understand why he said that suddenly.
   The villagers asked me a question, saying that after the end of the Triwizard Tournament, the facilities Hogsmeade built to receive tourists were abolished. It's strange, and they asked us what we plan to do.
    Loha Special said.As soon as everyone heard what he said, they knew that he already had an idea in mind, and the reason why he came to everyone must be because he had a plan in mind before he came to 
   announce
    to everyone.
   Just tell me, what do you think? And what does it matter to us?
    Pisgood asked.Lockhart pretended to think for a while:    My thought is that they are right to be worried. We worked hard and spent a lot of money to hold a grand event, but the facilities that were built in the end were scrapped after only half a year , This is a pity. It is better to continue to play their role and create value for the magic world.
   After drinking, people will always become more outspoken. Seeing that Lockhart is still keeping secrets, some people are already impatient:    How to do it? And you still haven't told us what we can do.
   
   I want to turn Hogsmeade into a resort: a nursing home for the elderly: what do you think?    Lockhart asked.He could clearly see that after hearing his words, several people showed narrow expressions.That expression seemed to say 
   So you also have childish moments
   .But Mr. Weasley was a kind man, and he saved Lockhart before his colleagues laughed at him:    ... Gilderoy, I think we have to discuss this matter again.
   
   Is there a question, Arthur?
    Lockhart asked pleasantly.
   It's like this... As far as I know, when Grindelwald was raging decades ago, many people from the European continent took refuge with us, but after the war ended, they all returned home, and some people also proposed to do it. This kind of resort, but the result...
   
   
Chapter 88   
   
   
   Fail less
   
   It's not just a failure, it's a disaster.
    Mr. Weasley sighed. 
   These villages are beautiful and peaceful, but the problem is that all wizard villages are beautiful, you know what I mean?
   There are only so many people in the wizarding world, and there are only so many people who have money and leisure to hang aroundEight\eight\For these people, where they live is actually the same, and instead of going all the way to another village to live for 
   recuperation
   , it is better to live in their own manor: and their own cattle are better.Lockhart was very grateful to Mr. Weasley for his explanation, but his plan was not that simple.   Thank you, Arthur, but the holiday sanatorium I'm talking about is for Muggles,
    said Lockhart.The air in the club box was suddenly quiet, and in the obviously small roomBut as if there was an echo, what kept echoing in everyone's minds was his last words.o for Muggles? 
   
   Yes, only Muggles are allowed to enter.
   
   I must remind you,Mr. Weasley repeated.And only rich Muggle people, dignitaries and other high-class Lockhart explained his thoughts.The Secrecy Act states—”
   It is stipulated that no magic shall be cast in front of Muggles: the existence of the magical community must also be concealed from Muggles, and any magical activity that may attract the attention of Muggles is a serious offense.    Lockhart added for Weasley. On the back of the words.
   You know perfectly well,
    said Weasley in disbelief.Although he was already quite 
   friendly
    to Muggles in the wizarding world, he never thought of taking the initiative to introduce Muggles into the wizarding community.
   It's all right?
    said Lockhart plausibly. 
   As far as I know, Dingworth in Cornwall, Upper Fleagley in Yorkshire, Ottery St. Catchpole in Devonshire Village, and Godric's Hollow in England, these villages are populated by wizards and Muggles... Ah, I almost forgot, Arthur, don't you just live in St. Catchpole Village.
   
   That's different. We will deliberately stay away from those Muggle villagers, and the house has been cast with a concealment spell, so we can't be found by them with daily magic. We have also cast a simple confusion spell on those Muggles, so Not a big deal,
    Weasley argued.
   But I remember that you often exchanged the vegetables and fruits grown by your own magic with the Muggle villagers for food.
   Weasley shrugged:    It's not illegal. Molly often uses the vegetable patties she made to find villagers for ham and cheese. Anyway, Muggles can't eat them.
   
   So as long as you can control the consequences, it doesn't matter if you put Muggles in, right?
   Lockhart summoned a roll of parchment as he spoke, and unfolded it in public.After the paper was unfolded, everyone discovered that it was a statistical table.
   This is the result of my statistics for more than a month-in fact, even in Hogsmeade Village, the villagers don't use magic much in their daily life, mainly when cleaning and cooking. .Things could be fixed if we made it a rule that magic items be controlled during the time the resort is open to muggles - or let the villagers secretly cast spells in the basement. 
   
   But is it necessary?
    Mr. Digory couldn't help asking, 
   To make some money, to make such trouble?
   
   That's not a few bucks, Amos.
    Lockhart sighed, 
   The customers we're targeting are those fat-bellied financial capitalists among Muggles who spend 10,000+ a year just playing golf. Gallon... By the way, you reminded me that another golf course can be built around Hogsmeade. Anyway, golf originated in Scotland, and we spend almost no money on maintaining the turf, just dig a few holes. Mountains, lakes It’s all ready made.”
   Can you find so many guests?
    Everyone expressed doubts.Lockhart seemed full of confidence:    As long as that oil well is put into operation, then we will have to deal with them. When they realize the benefits of recuperating in the magic village, we will form a secret club for them. The annual membership fee is at least Starting from [-] pounds...To be honest, I didn't know that the Malfoy family had been secretly playing futures for a long time without dealing with them.
   
   What are futures?
   
   It's a kind of transaction where the price is agreed on early—you can understand it this way. The Malfoy family is doing grain trading. They put the grain on their land on the Muggle grain futures market for hedging—this is simply is cheating becauseTheir land yields far more than mugglesAlthough I don't understand what futures Lockhart is talking about, one thing everyone can understand is that some people in the wizarding world have been secretly trading with Muggles for a long time, such as the Malfoy family.Only then did they understand why Lockhart had brought them here.If Lockhart wants to transform Hogsmeade into a 
   health resort
   , everything from avoiding and hiding magical creatures around the village to prohibiting the abuse of magic controls, to hiring professional healers from St. Mungo's, and magic transportation Planning is indeed not something that Lockhart or the Department of International Affairs and Cooperation can accomplish alone.This kid actually wants to drag us all into the water!This is a common thought in everyone's mind at this time.Lockhart is not in a hurry to convince everyone at once, he only needs to bring his own ideas to this reception, and as for the project, if he wants to start it, he has to wait until the end of the Triwizard Tournament.The only problem is legal. He has to get enough allies to push this project forward, because this is actually playing around the edge of the 
   Secrecy Act
   .As for the source of customers, he is not afraid. As he said just now, the people in the Muggle financial world have almost everything. If they are not worried about their bodies that are gradually decaying due to hedonism, they will be more indulgent than they are now.Taking advantage of the fact that Muggle medicine has not yet developed to that point, Lockhart has reason to believe that this particular sanatorium will be favored by the rich.Chapter 180After planting a seed in the minds of his colleagues, Lockhart did not rush to let it germinate immediately, but chose to wait patiently and let it ferment for a while.His work report has been handed in, and has been affirmed by the above. The next step is to see if his request can be met.
   I've got the staffing you asked for. It just so happened that some of last year's graduates have not been assigned.
    Mr. Crouch said to him, 
   She will report to you within two weeks and you have to get her ready.
    An office and a place to settle down.
   
   Her? Female intern?
    Lockhart asked sensitively.Embankment's.We asked all eligible interns, and asked if anyone volunteered, and the lady agreed. 
    Crouch answered his question.If it was someone else, Crouch would definitely not make excuses, but he didn't mind making an exception for a subordinate who easily broke through a situation in a month. Compared with the 
   original
    Percy who had worked for half a year and had not been As far as the treatment of remembering the name is concerned, it is really a heaven and an underground.But to be honest, Lockhart was not too happy about the fact that the intern he was about to assign was a woman.This is not a prejudice, because of magic, women in the wizarding world are actually not much different from men in terms of physical strength and physiology, but the perceptual thinking mode always makes him feel a little hindered.Because he is a 
   thinking
    creature, even if he falls into a certain emotion, he will quickly struggle out of it and maintain himself and rationality, which also makes it difficult for him to indulge in a certain emotion.
   Is there no one else. I mean, it's not very easy to arrange in life...
    LuoHart couldn't help askingMr. Crouch's reaction told him immediately that he had gone too far.
   It's not easy to find an intern from a pure-blood family.
    Mr. Crouch straightened his face, even though his expression was not much different from before:    As for the treatment, there is no need to be too strict, no one will pay attention to this aspect.
    Gossip... In fact, you don't need to worry about this issue.
   After Crouch said so, Lockhart had no choice but to stop raising any objections, and was going to spend a day in the office, and return to Hogsmeade after doing some private matters.Of course, compared with public affairs, he should be more conscientious in handling private affairs.He first informed his brother-in-law about the progress of the oil drilling company, saying that because of the sufficient data, Aiming Company is likely to dig the first oil well within a few months, and start trading oil within the year. Be careful.Although he was a little surprised by the progress of the oil well development, William didn't ask any more questions, because this was not his style.But when he saw the financial statements submitted by Lockhart, he still couldn't help frowning
   Don't your people have professional accountants and lawyers?
    He pointed to the report submitted by Lockhart and asked, 
   This kind of thing can't handle the tax bureau, let alone pass the listing audit.
   
   The tax bureau is out of our hands for the time being.
    Lockhart said proudly, 
   I registered the company in the Virgin Islands, and the company there can provide all legal procedures, as long as we pay the money.
   Of course, William is well aware of this. In fact, his brother-in-law is not the only one who digs big corners. Among the people who have opened accounts in the bank, there are not [-] but [-] customers who do this. He has long been used to it. .
   But if you want to start business in the UK, join the futures system, and finally go public, you have to issue a qualified audit report. And if your companyIf the company has no insurance, no professional legal advisors, and no tax and legal firewalls, no one will be willing to trade with you, so you'd better make preparations early. ’ he reminded.Lockhart was a little puzzled:    Delete the video and delete the sauce =
    pay the gray letter Liaoqian hang up? Fluke? Although Ai Ming said that it will be accelerated later, but...is it necessary to start preparations so early?
   Of course, because going public requires auditing three years of annual reports, the sooner you start preparing, the faster you will go through the procedures.
   William explained briefly, but then he remembered something:    But you can also choose to go public through the back door, but it will cost more money, and I personally don't recommend it.
   In just a few words, Lockhart exposed the fact that he really doesn't know much about the financial market, so he can only leave it to professionals to take care of it.However, William said that these are not problems. As long as he has money, no one in the financial center of London will be willing to provide him with services.Lockhart also thought about it, there is no need to save such a small amount of money.
   Then please pay more attention and recommend me talents in this field... In addition, you can also communicate with powerful people who are involved in oil futures and finance. If you have time, I would like to invite them to a private resort.
    Lockhart buried again——Fruit Dingzi
   Resort? Could it be...
    William had some guesses in his mind.
   Yes, that's what you think. They'll have a great time there, and they'll thank you when they come back.
    Lockhart winked at him.William agreed with a wry smile.Lockhart originally wanted to take the opportunity of buying film reels to hang out in London for two more days. After all, big cities are more interesting than rural areas.But the Ministry of Magic suddenly sent an urgent notice, saying that Hogwarts discoveredHe found traces of Sirius Black, so he was asked to go back quickly to cooperate with the dementors.Lockhart thought to himself that Black was really strong enough to act, and he directly moved without even looking for the way.Of course, he only dared to complain secretly, but on the face of it, he immediately complied with the request from above, and immediately returned to the Shrieking Shack from the fireplace of the Ministry of Magic.When he returned, he found Dobby bathing Sirius.I only heard Dobby complaining to the big black dog while washing, saying that it ran around again and came back covered in ashes.Strange, I didn't see it having the habit of rolling around in the house, so why did it get dusty on its back when it went out? 
   Sirius Xin said that if you go through a passage that has not been touched by anyone for almost 20 years, you will also come back covered in ashes.Seeing Lockhart come back, Black knew that his affairs had alarmed the Ministry of Magic after all, and he was secretly proud.During the three days when Lockhart was away, he took advantage of the night to re-pass two of the three secret passages leading to Hogwarts that he knew.His progress was very slow, because whenever he came to a familiar scene, he couldn't help recalling the past, and moved forward after a while.He was almost re-exploring while immersed in the memories of his student days, and the speed naturally couldn't be fast.Of course, Dobby's hard work is undoubtedly a strong support for his actions - if he hadn't eaten and drank during the day, and could sleep soundly on the soft carpet, he would never have revisited the old place so leisurely.The one closest to the Gryffindor tower is undoubtedly the one behind the mirror on the fourth floor, but Sirius had a bad start, and when he was almost at the end, he found that this passage had collapsed, so he had no choice but to return;The second one worked, the one from the Shrieking Shack to the Whomping Willow.No one, Sirius could tell from the thick dust in the passage, hadn't been passed by for more than a decade since Remus' last transformation in the Shrieking Shack in seventh gradeIn other words, he can completely regard this place as an 
   absolutely safe
    passage.In addition, Sirius knew of a secret passage from the cellar of Honeydukes to the corridor on the third floor of Hogwarts, but it was not easy for him to go through this secret passage often, because the entrance was in someone else's house.Fortunately, the boss of Honeydukes recognized the dog 7 and knew that it was Lockhart recently adopted to watch the nursing home, so he didn't make things difficult for him. Sirius is not easy to break through.In the end, Sirius slipped in when the dementors came to inspect and Froome went out to deal with the dementors.Facts have proved that this passage can also be walked, but there are too many stone steps, it takes a little longer, and it is not concealed enough, and there are gaps exposed under the eyes of the boss of HoneydukesEight\But the advantage is that you can go directly to the castle, unlike the one in the Screaming Shack, which requires sneaking in from outside the castle.But it doesn't matter, anyway, there are many secret passages leading to the school outside the school, and it is not difficult to freely enter and exit.After exploring the way to the castle, Sirius reconnected with Crookshanks inside the castle by relying on the smell left in the corner.Crookshanks told him in his own way that the red-haired boy, Ron Weasley, was very wary of him now, and he had no way of getting the mouse.And Black also told it, let it figure out a way to get the password to enter and exit the common room, and the rest will be figured out by itself.Crookshanks showed some distress—because it was not smart enough to recognize the English alphabet, nor could it repeat the passwords of the students to let Sirius knowBut Black said it doesn't matter, he will find a way to let Gryffindor let students in and out through new methods.So he did a big thing - he took advantage of the night to change back to his original shape in the corner, and then went to the door of the Gryffindor lounge to yell on purpose, woke up the fat lady, and then pointed his wand at The fat lady at the door seemed to cast a spell aloud, and destroyed the frame of the portrait.After finishing this important event, he was not in a hurry to sneak back to Hogsmeade immediately, but returned to Hogsmeade from the Whomping Willow after a few circles, and took advantage of Dobby's awakening before returning to Hogsmeade. The wand returned to its place.Since the Fat Lady had been Gryffindor's entrance portrait when he was in school, he was sure the other party would recognize him.Next, Blake quickly went back to sleep in his kennel, pretending to have slept there all night, perfectly completing his alibi.Hogwarts will probably be in chaos for a while, and security is the most prone to mistakes during changes. He just needs to wait patiently for Crook LU to help and find the loopholes in the security.Peter Pettigrew...we'll see!Take advantage of the last period of your life, hurry up and repent!Chapter 180 NineAfter Lockhart came back without saying a word, the first thing he did was to check his old wand, because he was not sure whether Sirius had that kind of heart, and destroyed the evidence in timeHe was very satisfied with the result—this guy's brain is really easy to use, and the last few magic spells flashed by the Flashback Curse were all forgetting spells.Seeing Lockhart go to check his old wand, Sirius was very proud - he used a flashback spell first, and after confirming that the last two or three spells cast by this wand were 
   forgotten
   , It was used to cast a spell on the fat lady.After casting the spell, he used the wand to release several Oblivion spells in succession before putting the wand back in place.Hmph, I'm afraid this confused Ministry of Magic staff can't find anything, right?However, even though Black put it very carefully, not only did the box in which the wand was placed remain unmoved, and he wiped it carefully when returning the wand, but Lockhart's mental calculations or inadvertently showed his flaws.
   
   
Chapter 89   
   
   Because Lockhart hangs a spider silk on the end of the wand where it plugs into the core, as long as it is picked up, the spider silk will be torn off, and unless it is under the sun or a strong light is turned on If you look closely at the lights, they will basically not be noticed.And now that spider thread has broken.
   Dobby, haven't you used this wand in the past two days?
    Lockhart asked while erasing the traces of the flashback spell.Dobby shook his head:    No, Dobby's own magic is enough.
   
   I see.
    Lockhart didn't ask any further.Now that Black knows how to destroy evidence by himself, he doesn't have to worry about it anymore, but Hogwarts may be in chaos for a while.Just as Blake thought, Hogwarts was completely blown up at this timeBecause Sirius Black not only came, but also seemed to come and go freely, ignoring the tight defense of Hogwarts, and more importantly, he actually had a magic wand in his hand!A vicious wanted criminal has a wand and does not have a wand, because Mr. Ollivander swears that every wand is registered, and his brain is more useful than the register, regardless of Either the register or his brain told him that wands had only flowed from the freshman side in the last two months.So the Ministry of Magic immediately issued an emergency notice, asking all wizard families to check all the wands in their hands to see which one's wands were stolen.Lockhart can also see from this point that the Ministry of Magic in the wizarding world has not been completely corrupted, at least it knows to solve the problem before the crisis comes, which is much better than the guys in Downing Street.However, the result of some investigation is that 
   all the wands are still under the control of the Ministry of Magic
   . Of course, the Ministry of Magic, such as Hagrid's pink umbrella, has not been able to investigate for the time being. After all, not every broken wand is broken. Both can be repaired by Dumbledore's elder wand.In short, nothing was found.The Ministry of Magic is restless, and Hogwarts is also in trouble.All the emergency entrances and secret passages in the castle were checked again. Albus Dumbledore personally asked all the portraits and ghosts one by one, asking them if they had seen Black, but the final result was inconclusive to them. what a help.The only thing that is worthwhile is the portrait next to the statue of Gregory the Flatterer - he admitted that he heard something passing under him in the middle of the night, but he was still asleep at the time, so he didn't know when he was woken up. I just opened my eyes and looked at it before going back to sleeppast.Although this is not particularly useful information, it has become the only clue for the teachers and students of Hogwarts at this time.Filch said that he knew that there was a secret passage leading to the outside of the school, so he volunteered to take the faculty and staff to have a look. As a result, everyone found a fresh line of adult male footprints in the passage.When seeing this line of footprints, all the faculty and staff of Hogwarts thoughtSaidBlake is here!Everyone chased this footprint all the way outside the school, only to find that the footprint disappearedat the lake.Then the Ministry of Magic sent people to check around the lake, but no one was foundThe pursuit of the footprints ashore had to stop there.Hogwarts has entered a state of total martial law. The students are told that they are not allowed to leave the school unless necessary, and it is also forbidden to wander around in the castle, but they must report immediately if they find anything.All the secret passages known to Filch inside and outside the castle were boarded up by him to prevent Blake from entering.But Filch's doing so is undoubtedly self-defeating: because Blake didn't know which of the secret passages he knew were known to the school staff, but now he knows that all the secret passages that are not nailed are safe passages.In addition, the portrait at the entrance of Gryffindor has also been changed from the fat lady to Sir Cadogan: it is a very inconspicuous portrait, but the portrait with a little brain is frightened by what happened to the fat lady, so it can only be changed temporarily A temporary worker goes up.Sirius' goal was achieved—the entrance of Gryffindor finally showed a flaw.   That is to say, in order to avoid dementors, Black entered the school by swimming.
    Hermione decisively judged Ron and Harry, 
   Since he can get from AhZikaban swims back to England, so it must be possible to swim into Hogwarts
   But Dumbledore asked the mermaid on duty in the Black Lake, and they also said that they didn't see anyone swimming?
    Ron asked puzzled.
   It was night, maybe the mermaid didn't notice?
    Hermione asked uncertainly.Ron dismissed this:    Forget it, mermaids are not us. They are much more sensitive to movements on the water than we are. I am more inclined that Black used a kind of magic.
   
   What magic?
    Hermione pretended to be curious.
   A magic that can be teleported within the range of still water.
    Ron replied solemnly, 
   The North Franks in Utrecht are very good at this. They will cast this kind of magic on ships so that their ships can teleport to Any lake in the world—even an enclosed lake inland.
   
   Northern Francia in Utrecht...you mean the Dutch.
    Hermione thought back, 
   Could it be that the wizards in the Netherlands used this spice brought back from Southeast Asia?Ron said that he couldn't help:    I don't know about this, but the wizards in Northern Franks were indeed very rich at that time, but later the Muggles invented some kind of ship, and the cost was so high that they couldn't make a profit with magic. It was lost, only a few ancient ships with this kind of magic still remain in Europe, I heard that there is one in Durmstrang, my father often told us the story of the Gothenburg when we were young...
   The two talked to each other, apparently having a lively chat, but they both intentionally or unintentionally glanced at Harry at the side from the corners of their eyes, as if they were afraid that he would be impulsive.
   Okay, you two don't need to distract me like this, I'm calm now.
   Harry closed the book in front of him, and spoke to the two little ones in a very calm tone.partner saidBut Hermione looked worriedly at the cover of the hardcover book with Harry's finger marks on it, and felt that he was exaggerating.Probably seeing what Hermione was thinking, Harry grinned as much as he could, allowing himself a relaxed smile.
   At least no one got hurt because of me this time, did they? And what's more, the Quidditch game wasn't called off, or Oliver would have killed me.However, the calmer Harry acted, the more worried Ron and Hermione became - not the behavior of a man who knew that killing his father and enemy was close at hand.Ron could see this clearly—Harry didn't go to bed until very late on the night when he learned of Black's attack, although the Gryffindors slept in the auditorium that night, and everyone slept soundly. It was late, but there was a good chance that Harry would still be the last one.And when the next day came, Harry's behavior was still very strange.First, when he was in Potions class, he actually saluted Snape first, which made Snape look surprised, and forgot to find fault with Gryffindor for the whole class.And when there was no class in the afternoon, Harry actually went to the library, not only wrote his homework, but even searched for some books on spells.If Harry hadn't left him since he got up in the morning, Ron might have thought that someone had drunk Polyjuice Potion and passed Harry off.So while Harry was going to the Quidditch team for training, Ron risked Scabbers being bitten to death by Hermione's cat, and urgently went to find Hermione to discuss Harry's 
   strange behavior
    with her.Although Hermione doesn't think there's anything to be surprised about finishing homework early, she also thinks that Harry is not normal now.It must be so angry that the brain is not on it.So the above scene appeared—the two tried their best to find something to talk about, so as to test Harry's reaction, but Harry's behavior was too normal, so he was abnormal instead.However, only Harry himself knew that he was really calm now.Only this calm is like the viburnum before a volcanic eruption, the calm before a storm, and the seemingly innocuous ebb tide before a tsunami.Chapter 190Thanks to the 
   teaching
    of Lockhart and Snape, now Harry has learned how to keep his rationality away from his emotions.
    Even if his heart is almost full of anger and hatred, he can still Barely control myself.If it was still the summer vacation, he would be proud of his achievements, but at this moment he didn't want to think about anything, he just hoped that Black would appear in front of him immediately, so that he could fight him to the death.He stood up and walked out of the lounge.Seeing this, the two quickly stopped him:    Where are you going? Now the whole castle is under martial law.
   
   Going to the dueling club, I finished my homework anyway, and I took a shower after Quidditch practice.
    Harry said in the most flat tone he could think of, 
   A little exercise before going to bed, so I can sleep well at night, I didn't sleep well last night.
   Neither Ron nor Hermione knew how to persuade him, so Ron had to choose to go with him, leaving Hermione to figure out a way in the dormitory.Even knowing that today's Duelist Club will be full of senior students, Ron has to risk his life to accompany the gentlemanAnd Hermione waited for her two little friends to leave, and immediately threw the half-written house-elf rights protection regulations aside, and began to write a letter to Lockhart of Hogsmeade.After Hogwarts was invaded by Black, Lockhart thought he was going to be blamed.Because the Triwizard Tournament is still kept secret on the surface, the Ministry of Magic's statement to Lockhart's resident Hogsmeade is to let him protect Hogwarts and coordinate the dementorsThe impact of being in Hogsmeade.This arrangement is just right, because Lockhart has long been famous, so his presence in Hogsmeade can greatly reassure the hearts of the local residents, and his real purpose is also covered up.But this also means that if something goes wrong, Lockhart will also be held accountable.Fortunately, Sirius still had some brains and used the method of transforming into a dog in the water to escape the investigation of the Ministry of Magic. In addition, the dementor also assured the Ministry of Magic that there was no trace of outsiders entering Hogsmeade, so everyone did not doubt it. He had infiltrated from Hogsmeade, otherwise Lockhart would have been utterly devastated.In fact, Lockhart is already ready to wipe his ass - if Black can really restore his reputation, then he will gain far more benefits than what he sees on the surface.So after the accident, Lockhart was hardly affected. The Ministry of Magic seemed to believe that Black had not entered Hogsmeade, so Lockhart was not responsible.Lockhart also didn't know why Black's brain suddenly became brighter - because according to what he knew about the plot, Black should be a standard reckless manCould it be that there is more oil and water in the stomach, coupled with a good sleep, the brain will become better?He couldn't figure it out.But this is always a good thing, at least he can concentrate on government affairs.
   ...The environment of Hogsmeade is excellent. According to Muggle psychology, such scenery and environment can effectively relieve people's stress. The negative ions in the mountain air are also very beneficial to health. It is recommended to develop in depth...
    Lockhart said in So says the report to the Ministry of Magic.Of course, there is a reason why he wrote so much, because after running water and cinemas, he is ready to start building a third project in Hogsmeade, and it is definitely the kind that everyone will like.When Hogsmeade becomes prosperous and the world sees its changes during the Triwizard Tournament, Lockhart will have a political achievement that no one can erase.He wanted all wizards in Britain to know the equation of 
   Let Lockhart manage two prosperity
   .In this way, when Voldemort's rebellion is over and the entire wizarding world is in disarray, wizards will naturally think of him when they want to elect a new minister.He called Huihui over, and hung the frighteningly heavy report on its lap.
   You're getting fat again... You must have gone to the villagers' house to eat it again.
    He stared at it dissatisfied and said, 
   The piece I made for you last time had the sign of 
   Please do not feed, losing weight
    on it. where? 
   He raised his head proudly -- that kind of crap, of course it had secretlypulled down.Comparing heart to heart, although not everything that Lockhart did was satisfactory, but after the transformation of the two projects and the 
   conflict
    with the dementors, the villagers knew that the official sent by the Ministry of Magic was indeed for everyone. I came to do practical things, so although I didn't say it, I remembered it in my heart.Although Lockhart has not yet enjoyed the benefits of this kind of gratitude, his owls have enjoyed it first: no matter which house Hui Hui flies to, he will be warmly treated by that family, sometimes with some owl nuts, sometimes It's just a few pieces of skin, which made it unable to lose weight.So what other owls can fly in two days: it takes three and a half days.But there was an advantage to this - Lockhart could justifiably delay some    less important
    documents for two days before sending them to the Ministry of Magic.Just as he was sending the fat man away, Hermione's letter also arrived from the castle.Since it was already evening, Lockhart simply didn't read the letter, but asked Dobby to read it out.She said several things in the letter. The first thing is that after Black entered the castle, the school strengthened the martial law, and Gryffindor also changed the password, but she didn't know whether this would work for Black.The second thing is Harry's matter. Apart from practicing Quidditch, Harry now goes to the dueling club to practice magic every day. It seems that he can't wait for Black's attack. She wants to ask how to solve this problem.Finally, a little personal work—the House-Elf Rights Promotion Association she started ran into difficulties soon after it was founded.In Hermione's words, although many people finally joined the association under her hard work, no one seemed to be really interested in this issue, and these people even included Harry and Ron.Wizards seem to have grown accustomed to house-elves' slave service, assuming that house-elves don't want to be free and that it's in their nature to serve humans.It would be fine if the wizard thought so unilaterally, but after she asked Fred and George about the way to the kitchen, she found that the house elves themselves didn't seem to be very interested in her proposal, which was too much. It's confusing.Because she can't believe that everyone is sympathetic, let alone that there are creatures who don't want to be free, she is now very confused, not knowing whether there is a problem with the way she works, or whether this thing can't be done at all .Poor little girl, I haven't even learned the methodology of work, Lockhart said to himselfChapter 190: Intern at the Ministry of MagicAfter seeing this letter from Hermione at this time, Lockhart didn't know whether he should be relieved or amused.The funny thing is that Lockhart can see from Hermione's letter that even she doesn't know her own motives for doing this, and it is even more difficult to convince othersBut at the same time, Lockhart was also very relieved, because it was precisely because he knew that Hermione did not have any personal purpose in doing this, so her motive was very pure, which was simply to save the house elves.Although Hermione herself didn't know why she did this, Lockhart could see a thing or two from the perspective of a bystander.Empathy is not unreasonable - just like people will empathize with cats and dogs, but few people will empathize with chickens in the farm, because this thing is not born with human aesthetics view.In the same way, although Hermione doesn't seem to care about her status as a    Mudblood
   , in fact she cares about it a lot, and.Therefore, as one of the discriminated groups, it is understandable that she has empathy for the house elves.In a sense, when Malfoy called her a 
   mudblood
   , Ron who pulled out his wand to help her out without saying a word was a lot of points, even if the slug was eaten by himself in the end.And when she sees a group that is even more vulnerable than herself, Hermione will often show sympathy without hesitation, such as Crookshanks who is not wanted in the pet store, and people who are being rejected by others. A house elf treated like a slave.So you often see this kind of scene in society - kind-hearted people oftenIn fact, their own life is not very good, and people with a good life may feel sympathy for the lower class, but they will never empathize.Because he has never experienced those things at all, how can he empathize?From this point of view, it is ridiculous to expect that 
   the emperor/king is good, but the corrupt officials in the middle are deceiving the upper class
   .As for a person like Hermione who wants to engage in social activities, if he is not a conservative when he is old, it can only show that he has no brains or insufficient strength; but if he is not a radical when he is young, it can only show that he is not human .Whatever Hermione's motives, Lockhart felt obligated to do a favor,
    even if it was because of his status as the spokesman for the Lions.
   I'm glad you've finally figured this out, Hermione.
    He first expressed his attitude in the reply.
   You know from what you've learned in Muggle kindergartens and primary schools, and from years of observation in society, that enslaving house-elves is an 'unreasonable' phenomenon, an 'inhuman', 'deformity' The 'social system.But the problem now is that the people around you don't think so, these people include your close friends and some people you respect, and even the object you want to change itself - the house elf.
   
   
Chapter 90   
   
   If you can be as indifferent to it as other little wizards from Muggle families, or pretend to be sympathetic and still go the same way, it is understandable, because this matter has little to do with you, and even this social system helps For you, let you enjoy a delicious meal.But you chose to intervene, which means that you decided to raise it to the political level to solve it, rather than sit idly by.Congratulations, you have finally taken that step—from a bystander of a society to a reformer. From now on, you must learn to use your influence to 
   persuade
    this society to change the existing system so that It gets better.
   After writing this, Lockhart paused for a moment.He should have used more words here, but he suddenly felt that if he did this, he would be no different from Dumbledore and Voldemort, and he was trying to impose his will and values ​​​​on others , even if Dumbledore had good intentions.He decided to leave the choice to Hermione himself, so after complimenting her, he simply started to guide her on specific issues:   I see confusion from your letter, because you are dealing with a deeply ingrained ideology in society and the intransigence of vested interests, and you don't know how to change it.For this reason, I am willing to act as your mentor on the way forward, providing you with a ladder of progress and solving doubts.There are various techniques of social influence, but in the end they can all be boiled down to several very basic influence processes, such as interpersonal, communication and persuasion, media promotion, etc., and the skills contained in each influence method can be written separately a book comes outI know that you may be a little confused when you see this, but don’t worry—these all depend on the way human beings think, remember, feel and make decisions, and what ultimately affects human attitudes, behaviors and cognition, these skills I will introduce in the future Will teach you one by one.Of course, as a textbook, I plan to give you a book called 
   Attitude Change and Social Influence
   , which was written by Philip Zimbardo in 1970. The content may be a little esoteric for a 14-year-old girl. But it doesn't matter, you can understand while doing it, and I am sure that there are indeed such a group of people in the wizarding world now, and they will gradually be as eager as you to change the status of house-elves.I've cut a corner where I suggest you read it first, and I hope you'll read it if you promise to learn it.Then I'll leave you with a homework one—I hope you use the techniques above to convince your two best friends that it doesn't matter if they don't end up getting involved, as long as they change their attitude towards you doing this business. 
   After finishing writing the letter, Lockhart smiled at the impatient owl and stuffed a piece of dried meat in it, then sealed the letter, and took out an old book from the cabinet behind him, and let the owl I took it back.What can be done next depends on Hermione's own good luck.Because Sirius woke up at night for several consecutive days, he has been sleeping during the day.Lockhart also ignored him, but got up early in the morning and went to climb the mountain by himself.Hogsmeade is the 
   village under the city
    of Hogwarts Castle. Although the terrain is not as dangerous as Hogwarts, it is still an important point in terms of location. Otherwise, Hogsmeade would not have been chosen as the goblin rebellion in 1612. stronghold.Regardless of military use, Hogsmeade is actually not bad in terms of scenery alone, but it is really too far away, and wizards really don't have the desire and energy to spend, so the villagers here live like this in the 17th century the exact same life.However, according to the demand-market theory, sometimes there is not necessarily demand before there is a market. If the market supply is sufficient, people's potential demand can be easily created.Therefore, if you want the wizarding world to prosper and abandon the original self-sufficient backward production method, you must first find a market, then introduce currency, and then use sufficient currency and moderate consumerism to stimulate the potential needs of wizards.However, creating demand is risky, as long as it fails, the loss will be borne by the creator, so not many people dare to innovate.But Lockhart is not afraid, because he has a very good market to learn from, thenMuggle marketBoth Muggles and wizards are human beings. Muggles love leisure, hate work, and indulge in sensuality. They never sit when they can lie down, and never stand when they can sit. Wizards are not much better.It can be said that as long as he is a human being, he cannot escape the shackles of nature.Lockhart has made two attempts so far, one with the mixed reputation of tap water and the other with a hugely popular movie.The reason why tap water has mixed reputations is mainly because Hogsmeade is too close to the water source, so everyone feels a little baffled.But then everyone's act of installing tap water told Lockhart that they might not hate it so much.As long as people get used to comfort, they will never want to go back to the past.It's just that Lockhart has never understood why the upper echelons of wizards turn a blind eye to these things.If only a pureblood wizard could teach him that.Back at the Shrieking Shack, he finds his wish granted right away.A female employee wearing a Ministry of Magic robe, but the material has been replaced with high-grade bright-colored velvet, has been waiting for him for a long time.
   Good day, Mr. Lockhart, and I hope you enjoy your future business together,
    she said.Chapter 190 The second purpose is not simpleLooking at the interns given to him in the magic section, Lockhart felt strange.Because the person who came was actually an acquaintance of Lockhart, the female prefect who graduated from Slytherin, the female student president, and Gemma Farley from one of the 28 pure-blood families.Although he had thought in advance how many chips the pure-blood family would place on him, the weight of the chips was beyond his expectations. He thought that the Snake Sect would just randomly choose a young man from a small family. Come and be a liaison.It seems that they really take the oil well thing seriously, and decided to pay attention to themselves?Although he was still thinking wildly in his mind, Lockhart didn't let himself mess up his etiquette.He immediately went forward, M wiped each hand on the handkerchief in his pocket, then looked into each other's eyes, and at the same time glanced at her hands from the corner of his eye—he had just returned from morning exercise, he was not sure who Is the eldest lady willing to shake hands with him.
   Miss Farley, long time no see!
   Although the other party was his student in school, but in society, a person is a person, he is not your student, nor is your relative, Lockhart found that he can still distinguish between the important and the important.Gemma was obviously also well-educated in etiquette. When Lockhart came over, she raised her right arm slightly, indicating that Lockhart could shake hands with her.Lockhart held out his hand quickly, as if he had offered to shake hands.It's okay, at least an educated person - the thought came to Lockhart and Gemma's mind at the same time.Since he didn't know the other party's behavior style, Lockhart decided to do business:   Miss Farley, the conditions here are poor, and the office environment that can be provided may not be very good. I would like to apologize first...
   
   This is official business.
    Gemma Farley replied to him equally solemnly, 
   Considering the limited time before the games, comfort should not be the first requirement for a temporary office.
   Lockhart didn't expect the young lady of Slytherin to be so talkative, which is undoubtedly a good thing.
   Okay... Dobby, take out our second desk! I will accompany Miss Farley to find a place to stay, and then go to check on the progress of the work.###Then his words were politely stopped by the other party again:    Thank you very much for your kindness, but there is one thing I need to tell you-this is Hogsmeade, my father has a country house here, just in Paddy Next to Madam Fu's Teahouse...
   Lockhart suddenly realized that it was no wonder that Mr. Crouch told himself that he didn't have to worry about the other party's life problems. It turned out that he brought his own dry food to work on the front line, so he was really worrying about it.Now that he knew that the other party was only here to plate gold, Lockhart felt much more at ease. As long as the other party didn't take his credit, he didn't mind adding a great deal to the other party's credit book.
   Then ask Miss Farley to rest for a while, and after I deal with it, I will take you to see the completed projects and my plans for the future.
   He pointed to the morning dew that was still on his body, and signaled that he still had to deal with it.Gemma nodded:    I will wait for you at the Three Broomsticks.
   After speaking, she turned and walked out of Lockhart's office.Not a few steps after she walked out of the office, she couldn't help but raise her right hand to her nose and smell it. Then she found that it didn't seem very elegant, so she pretended to take it out of her mouth.Wiping his face with a handkerchief in his bag, he concealed his actions.After arriving at the Three Broomsticks, Gemma came to the front desk with ease, and told the sleepy-eyed bartender that she wanted a quiet corner seat.Uh, Miss Farley? 
   The waiter didn't expect to meet her here, 
   I remember you have graduated?
   Do you want to revisit old places? 
   Gemma's expression became a little displeased.
   That's right, so can I order a drink now?
   She didn't even bother to explain to the other party that she was already an employee of the Ministry of Magic, because in her opinion it was a complete waste of time.Only then did the waiter remember that the person in front of him was still a Slytherin even after graduation.
   I'm sorry, Miss Farley... May I ask what kind of wine you want?
    He quickly corrected his attitude.
   A glass of canyon water, add ice hockey...
    Gemma thought for a while, and then asked in the calmest voice, 
   What's the favorite drink of Mr. Lockhart, the staff of the Ministry of Magic who is stationed here? Give him too. Order a drink.
   The waiter said without hesitation:    Ogden's Old Fire Whiskey, with honey, cherry juice and ice cubes... But he usually doesn't drink alcohol in the morning, he only drinks a little breakfast tea with lemon juice.
   
   Breakfast tea?
    Gemma repeated. 
   What tea?
   What she said stopped the waiter - he really didn't remember the varieties, every time he randomly mixed several kinds of old tea together, which was called 
   combined tea
   , who knew what was in it.But Gemma misunderstood his meaning:    Why, even this recipe must be kept secret?
   Rosmerta heard the conversation outside from the inside and had to stand up to save the scene
   Uwo tea is one-half: Lapsang Souchong is one-half, HuolLi purple tea is one-half, Ms. Farley.    She said with a big smile on her face.Gemma nodded in satisfaction:    Thank you... Please give me a seat in the middle, and my canyon water is cancelled, just give me a pot of breakfast tea.
   Then she took out a Galleon and threw it on the bar counter, followed the waiter to the corner.Rosmerta stares at her back thoughtfully --- a gold coin is used to buy a potTea, this is obviously not water.A few minutes later, Lockhart washed his face, wiped off the sweat and dew from his body, and came to the three brooms in a refreshed manner.Unlike Gemma, Lockhart greeted everyone in the bar - diners, bosses and waiters.
   Good morning, Ike! Good morning, Rosmerta! And Lambert... How's your harvest?
   
   Fortunately, I got more than a dozen fox furs.
    The person who was greeted also greeted Lockhart as if they were chatting with each other.It can be seen that his popularity here is very good.At the bar, the waiter couldn't help but whispered to him, saying that it would be better for him in the future, but Lockhart just ignored Gemma's temper as long as he didn't hold back his temper.
   I've been waiting for a long time...
    Lockhart sat across from Gemma, 
   It's breakfast tea, it's great! I want to add a little lemon juice...
   
   Here.
    Gemma pushed the small cup aside.
   thanks.
   Because there were other things, Lockhart ignored why there was the most important thing on the table.It wasn't about the tea to his taste, but after taking a long swig, he reached for his wand.
   So Miss Farley, let's get started! Shut your ears and listen!
   Following Lockhart's casting of the spell, the people around immediately could only hear a loud buzzing, and the conversation in this corner could no longer be heard.Chapter 190 Three BuyingBecause he believed that Gemma Farley was here for gilding, Lockhart was also straightforward.He first introduced his measures of introducing tap water and movie theaters, and then explained his purpose and reasons for doing so—tap water belongs to material transformation, while movies belong to the construction of spiritual civilization. Transformation must rely on these two foundationsGemma listened very carefully. She had heard about these projects recently, but she didn't know much about the details and the tricks. With Lockhart explaining it himself, she naturally seemed to see the light of day.But I don't know why, when Lockhart said with a hint of showing off that he actually managed these two things without spending any money, and even had surplus to continue to manage, Gemma Farley's expression seemed Some squirm.
   Excuse me, how far do you plan to transform Hogsmeade?
    Gemma couldn't help asking.To put it simply, my plan for Hogsmeade is a 
   resort
   , and I plan to operate it for a long time, and providing services for the holding of the Triwizard Tournament is just incidental. And the open customers are not limited to wizards, there will be more in the future Bring in some Muggle 'elites', so some Muggle modernization is bound to happen - of course, I haven't told the residents of Hogsmeade this yet. 
   Gemma didn't show any objection:    I understand that if you tell them in advance, they will just dismiss it again.
   It is comfortable to talk to smart people, Lockhart continued:    Yes, but more importantly, we must not only keep Hogsmeade's medieval style, but also add some modern, technologically advanced features without leaving any traces. taste facilities, so that the muggles who come here to recuperate have a sense of freshness, and will not be affected by the medieval lifedissatisfied with the inconvenience.
   Hmm... how far should I go?
    Gemma acted like a good student with an open mind.
   For example, it's fun to switch to firewood instead of a natural gas stove, but there must be no fire. Oh, by the way, you don't know that natural gas stoves
   No, I know.
    Gemma Farley acted calmly, 
   In fact, there is an installation in Farley Village's old house, just like other Muggle houses.
   
   Really, that's great, it saves me a lot of embarrassment...but why do you install a gas stove?
    Lockhart became interested.Gemma took a deep breath:    Actually... Although our pure-blood family's understanding of Muggles is indeed lacking, but...
   She hesitated at this point, as if she was hesitating whether she should tell Lockhart something.Lockhart saw her embarrassment:    If there is anything that needs to be kept secret, then I am willing to show my gentlemanly demeanor, you don't have to force yourself.
   Gemma shook her head, and then said another thing:    
   It's not something that needs to be hidden from you, but we hope that after you transform Hogsmeade, you will not spread these reforms to other wizarding villages . 
   Lockhart was a little surprised:    Why? Although not every wizard settlement can be transformed in this way, there should be no harm in promoting some successful experiences, right?Under Lockhart's surprised eyes, Gemma hesitated to speak again.
   My God, it seems that the transformation I thought I had planned has actually caused some troubles to some people. It's incredible.
    Lockhart shook his head again and again.Gemma knew that if she really didn't say anything more, Lockhart might really have a misunderstanding, which was exactly what she didn't want to see.So she finally opened her mouth:    ... If we can help you get more project funding, can you let the pure-blood family invest in these new facilities you run?
   Lockhart showed a strange expression:    You have to tell the Ministry of Magic, Miss Farley, these are the assets of the Ministry of Magic.
   After hearing the word 
   Ministry of Magic
   , Gemma showed a kind of disdain typical of elites:    Don't worry about the Ministry of Magic, they will agree.Lockhart thought to himself, good guy, you can even manipulate the Ministry of Magic, so why ask my opinion.
   It seems that you really think highly of me.
    Lockhart laughed at himself.Hearing what he said, Gemma didn't know why she seemed a little anxious:    My father wants you to know that although we have our own considerations in everything we do, it doesn't mean that we are willing to do things against your wishes, We have great respect for you, sir.
   Yes, at least I was notified. 
   Lockhart sighed and said, let me guess... do you want to buy the Hogsmeade property in advance?
   
   
   
Chapter 91   
   
   If the pure-blood family really did this, then it would be a very normal choice.After Lockhart transformed Hogsmeade for profit, the appreciation of Hogsmeade land is obvious. As a group of conservative egoists, the pure-blood family cannot let go of this stable wealth appreciation opportunity. .
   This is only one aspect... In fact, nearly half of the real estate here is already ours, and we have shares in many shops here.
    Gemma knew that he really misunderstood, and quickly clarified, 
   My father explained to me , we really didn’t get involved just for the money.”
   Oh, then I would like to hear how you plan to persuade me.
    Lockhart decided to listen carefully to what she had to say, 
   Although I have no influence on the decision-making at the moment,But sabotage is always okay, right? 
   After hesitating for a long time, Gemma finally told the truth.
   Mainly...we don't want Muggle technology to enter the wizarding world too early.
   ...Why.
    Lockhart looked a little confused, 
   Obviously you are also using it yourself, your family uses natural gas, and the Malfoy family also bought a plane... You seem to be no strangers to the Muggle world, but ordinary wizarding families Yet there appears to be an almost absurd ignorance of Muggles.
   
   It's for... the traditions and order of the wizarding world.
    Gemma thought for a long time before using such a euphemism.After hearing this, Lockhart woke up like a dream.Of course he knows all about this political jargon What Tradition and Order?Isn't it destroying the class structure created by vested interests?When the peasants were forced to go to the city to become workers, the aristocratic lords on the land tried to use the law to prohibit the tenant farmers from fleeing. Isn't it the same meaning?There is also the empire called 
   Manchu
    in the east. Many people think that it is backward, closed, and arrogant. It was still fighting the West with cold weapons when the Eight-Power Allied Forces invaded.In fact, people spend most of their time in banning the sea. The emperor obtained Western intelligence through commercial channels, and he knew the political situation in the West very well. During Napoleon’s time, he even sent a congratulatory gift to congratulate him on his ascension to the throne. Otherwise, how could Napoleon say that? The famous 
   Lion Theory
    that was truncated in half by later generations.Kangxi not only used a large number of firearms when he was in charge of Zhunminger, but even hired a Western advisory group—not to mention that Zhunminger also had a large number of firearms, and the consultants also hired Swedish military instructors.Even during the First Crow War, there was almost no technical difference between the wooden ships of the Qing Dynasty and the British wooden ships. What lagged behind was only the tactics and understanding of war. In terms of firepower, both sides were actually using solid bullets with similar ranges.The artillery fired at each other.But the problem is that these equipments are all in the full camp and the Eight Banners camp, and the green camp of the Han army does not have them, and these technologies are strictly blocked by the Han generals, so that Zuo Zongtang was shocked when he saw the firearms left by the Ming Dynasty—in fact, the Qing Dynasty Even heavy machine guns were used during the Westernization MovementIn other words, it is not that the rulers of the Qing Dynasty did not know how good these technologies are, but the priority of defense against Han is higher than that of defense against foreign countries, so some technologies cannot be promoted even if they are good. It is for them to let the ruling class master these technologies Optimal solution.Similarly, the pure-blood families are really as stupid as the Nott and Gunter families, they have long since declined, and the rest are people who know how to obtain the latest information from the outside world, especially after the Grindelwald Rebellion. in this way.But Gemma's words clearly told Lockhart that the pure-blood family does not want these technologies to be extended to all wizard families.The ancient magic, spells, magic items and land they master are the advantages of pure blood families, but if ordinary wizarding families can rely on technological items obtained from muggles to do the same, their wealth will undoubtedly be greatly improved. shrink.In other words, these wealth will immediately become worthless.Just having a pile of gold around your house doesn't make people work for you, gold only makes people work for you when they don't have gold, you have it, and they all want it.In other words, even if you have [-] million Galleons, when others can live well with a stable income of hundreds of Galleons, they will not work for you just because you have money, and even laugh at you Miser, 
   Why save so much money, you can't take it with you when you die
   Therefore, it is actually not in the interest of the ruling class to make everyone prosperous together. If the pure-blood family finds that they can no longer control people, then those who do not want to work on their own can only sit back and eat.This is the so-called 
   tradition and order
    in Gemma's mouth—it's nothing more than that.
   So that's why... that's why you want the reforms to be limited to Hogsmeade, isn't it?
   Gemma lowered her head to take a sip of tea, but she didn't say anything, just as acquiescence
   So it must have bothered you guys that I'm moving so fast?
    Lockhart asked.Gemma honestly admitted:    Yes, after hearing about the budget approved by the Ministry of Magic, my father thought that you would not make any moves in the short term. We can wait a little longer, but... your actions are too fast It’s a little too much, and the budget doesn’t seem to be doing much for you.”When she said the last sentence, Gemma's voice had changed from dull to relaxed, even a little more playful.Lockhart felt very helpless:    The money is so small that I can count it in one minute. If it is hard to spend, it is really useless. I hope it didn't cause your father a headache.
   
   He does have a headache... but I have to tell you that in the past 18 years of my life, I have rarely seen my father have a headache for someone. There are not many people who are qualified to give him a headache.
    Gemma said in a different way. Knowing whether it is admiration or ridicule, he responded.
   Okay... so since you plan to buy me, what price are you going to offer?
    Lockhart asked.Chapter 190 Four Large and SmallGemma knew that her father and the others originally wanted to delay Lockhart's action by means of blocking funds.They even arranged for people to attack Lockhart with public opinion when he used his private property to make up for his official duties, so that he could not use his methods.But no one thought that Lockhart completed the initial layout without money.And checking the accounts didn't help, because Lockhart's behavior was completely in line with the civil servants' standards, and they couldn't accuse him of being too disciplined, and actually used the funds completely in accordance with the regulations of the Ministry of Magic.At this point, they had no choice but to quickly bring Lockhart over and control the situation within Hogsmeade's range.Either something would have to be done to mess with Lockhart, move him somewhere else, or make it impossible to get things done.They began to think carefully about the possibility of both, and finally decided to try togetherSo Gemma Farley actually came here with a mission, not just gold-plated like Lockhart thought, he underestimated this young lady.
   We hope to fund your new project, and we are willing to find sponsors for you... Of course, those who have made outstanding contributions to the Ministry of Magic should also be promoted.
    She offered the price on behalf of her father.Lockhart hesitated, not immediately agreeing, but not immediately rejecting either.As long as you are eager to express your opinion on this kind of thing, no matter which side you stand on, you will suffer.So he decided to take a vague attitude and put the matter away.If the pure-blood family wants to benefit him, they should accept it for the time being. As for their requirements, they have to analyze specific issues, such as Hogsmeade transformation andThe Triwizard Tournament was originally a win-win for both parties, and he did not believe that the other party would refuse to invest because of his neutral attitude.If everyone is willing to reach a consensus on this matter, I will be very happy, but the development of the situation is often not satisfactory, and all I can do is to do my job as well as possible. 
    Lockhart replied quite tactfully.Gemma was obviously relieved—even though she didn't get the best result, Lockhart's statement was not bad, at least it was within the bottom line acceptable to her father.Seeing her like this, Lockhart couldn't help but relax a little, because she seemed very worried about whether she could complete the 
   task
   The little girl still hasn't experienced too much experience, and her thoughts are written on her face. Even though getting along with this kind of person who lacks the city is sometimes a bit laborious, her mood will be much easier.Of course, Lockhart didn't know that Gemma was worried that he refused not only because of his father's mission, but also because of other careful considerations.
   You just came today, and you still need time to settle in, so our task today is very easy - next, we will go to inspect the construction site that has been built, and then go to the third project site to talk about it together planning issues, and then we can start working tomorrow.”
   I'll do my best to make it right,
    Gemma promised.She didn't ask what job Lockhart would give her, because she knew exactly why her father had sent her.Her job is to record the progress of Hogsmeade's transformation, and then use it to lobby the major wizarding companies that have shares in the pure-blood family, seeking investment and advertising sponsorship.As they left, Lockhart gave Rosmerta a wink, only to receive a warning look from her.Lockhart thought she didn't want to appear frivolous in public, so although he didn't understand why, he restrained himself a bit.Lockhart drove away the dementors first, took Gemma to the lake to show her how the tap water works, and then returned to the village, gestured to the location of the open-air cinema for a while, and motioned to himself A movie theater is going to be built here.Although the open-air cinema currently has a gross profit of 50-80 Galleons per week, considering that it is still in the freshman period of wizards, Lockhart set the expected weekly income of the cinema at 25 Galleons.And because buying new movies and new equipment will require money in the future, Lockhart doesn't plan to spend all the money on building a house. Fortunately, wizards don't have to pay Muggles for broadcasting rights, otherwise he can stay. less money.If Zhuangkouguo only relies on movie ticket income, it will take at least two years to get together the construction fee of [-] Galleons, but we don't have that much time. ' Lockhart told her.
   Three thousand Galleons!
    Gemma was a little surprised, 
   With such a large amount of money, do you plan to build a large theater?
   
   Grand theater?
    Lockhart asked suspiciously, 
   A movie theater that can accommodate 200 people is enough.
   
   It's already very big.
    Gemma said, 
   After it's completed, it will definitely become a landmark building in Hogsmeade.
   Lockhart has not been able to transform from his inherent thinking for a while. After all, Muggle theaters with less than 300 people are considered small theaters, and 600 people are considered medium-sized theaters. As for those that cannot accommodate 2000 people, they dare not call themselves large.As for whether this theater, which is only as big as seven or eight classrooms, will become a landmark building after completion, Lockhart has never thought about it....That's right, even if you build a movie theater for 1000 people, there must be so many people in the wizarding world to watch it.
   Very well, Miss Farley, a landmark building—we can promote it to sponsors in this way.
    Lockhart decided to praise his subordinate.
   Can this also be sponsored?
    Gemma didn't think about it, 
   Sponsor what?
   
   There are many things that can be sponsored, such as the naming rights of the cinema, and the tables and chairs in the cinema, and the advertising space on the wall can also be sold. We can also rent the waiting area of ​​the cinema to catering companies and toy companies. In addition, if someone pays enough Gao, we can even advertise them on the screen before the screening - of course, this kind of thing should be done as little as possible, and it would be best to accept a marriage proposal... Well, what's wrong with you?
   
   Proposal, proposal advertisement?
    Gemma swallowed.
   Yes, there are always young people who are looking for romance who want to express their love in public here, and this kind of advertisement usually doesn't cause other viewers to be disgusted...except for single dogs.
   
   I see.
    Gemma Farley didn't know what to think, 
   I can try it first.
   Lockhart didn't notice her expression, but pointed to the mountains in the distance.
   As for our third project, it's almost time to say - I'm going to build a small... er... large sauna.
   Yes, large, although it can only receive a hundred tourists at the same time, it is the only one in the wizarding world.It's a big deal, Lockhart finally adjusted his mentalityChapter 190 The Small Country Model Applicable to the Wizarding WorldAfter the night life of wizards in taverns and cinemas, Lockhart naturally hoped to find something for them to do in the morning.Unlike Orientals who like to take a bath at night, people in many countries in Europe and the United States like to take a bath in the morning, because it can make them feel 
   refreshed
    and let them go to work refreshed.Therefore, when Chinese students going to the UK go to the school bathroom at night, they will be surprised to find that there are almost no local students taking a bath at this time, and East Asian students can completely 
   book out
   Which of these two habits is better, everyone has their own reasons: for example, taking a bath in the morning can relax the mood, work more efficiently at work, and be easy to get promoted; taking a bath at night can get better sleep, and taking a bath before going to bed is never a problem. In the long run, you can save the quilt and bed sheets from washing a few times.Of course, for nobles, they usually don't make this choice, just wash once in the morning and at nightAnyway, what they need most is time, not to mention the second hand on a pocket watch, even if it has points, it would be a shame to them.Gemma thought for a while, and then asked:    Is it a public bath? Like Bath?
   Embankment's. ' Lockhart answered her immediately.
   I think it's going to be very popular because everyone likes to take a bath.
   Gemma first agreed with Lockhart's idea, but then asked her own question in a roundabout way:    But there are no hot springs here in Scotland, which means we need to buy firewood or use magic flames to maintain the temperature of hot stones or water. Although The cost is definitely lower than that of Muggles, but with the addition of labor costs and the provided shampoo, towels,— Disposable slippers and other items, I think its price may not be affordable by the villagers of Hogsmeade. 
   Lockhart was a little surprised:    Have you ever done this?
   If it is not someone who has opened a bathroom by himself, it is hard to imagine that a person will be so clear about the costs of opening a bathroom.Gemma puffed up her chest a little proudly:    I'm not the kind of person who does nothing but watch the servants and housekeepers do the housework. The Farley family never raises idlers.
   That's nice, it looks like I'm going to apologize for my offense.
   
   No offense, Mr. Lockhart, everyone will misjudge without knowing each other.
    Gemma acted like a proud swanIt's so coaxing.Lockhart thought.Just like all fresh graduates, they always seem to be confused about the situation, and they don't understand that work is work, instead of waiting for the teacher to praise after doing something good like they did in the student days.
   So to get down to business, I plan to use fire crabs as the daily source of heat in the baths—the professor of protection of magical creatures at Hogwarts said that as long as we provide food for them, he is willing to lend us 3 fire crabs.He wanted to lend it to us for free, but I turned him down, saying it wasn't in compliance and he had to accept the rent of a fire crab for 5 Galleons a month. 
   Gemma understood:    In this way, the monthly fuel cost is 15 Galleons, plus the food for the fire crab... it will not exceed 25 Galleons, which is half the cost of hiring a wizard who can use 
   flaming bears
   . 
   
   Yeah, if we want to hire someone to make a fire, we need to hire at least five or six employees, not to mention whether it will be annoying if they keep using magic to set the fire, even the ash snake eggs produced by the magic flame are also a problem, one carelessness will destroy the wholethe village burned
   In this case...
    Gemma thought for a while, 
   Although I'm not very good at digital divination, I think it shouldn't be a problem if the villagers bring their own bathing utensils and the cost can be reduced to one-third of the original cost.
    .”
   It's almost the same number.
    Lockhart didn't delve into it, 
   But we can't rely on this for profit. It mainly depends on the Muggles.
   Gemma was a little uneasy:    Are you really going to bring Muggles into Hogsmeade?
   
   Of course, we must show the strength of our Britons in front of other countries, so the construction of Hogsmeade must surprise everyone in the world. But in order to maintain these facilities, we must expand the market.
    Lockhart said so explainedGemma thought for a while, thinking that this was a decision made by Lockhart for his political achievements.Her father had already reminded her when she came here that because Lockhart was a fledgling and was entrusted with important tasks, he would definitely do a lot of actions during this period to prove his ability.“Don’t confront him at this stage, because he’s definitely not going to let it go. Watch, listen, and influence things subtly to get things into our orbit.” That’s what Mr. Farley told her.So Gemma didn't express any further objections, anyway, she said what she should say: the main person in charge of this department is still Lockhart.Of course, she didn't know that Lockhart hadn't been completely honest with her.The reason why Lockhart must do business with Muggles is not only to increase communication and understanding, but also to expand the economic aggregate of the entire wizarding world.Whether the wizards are willing to admit it or not, in terms of the size of the government alone, they are undoubtedly    small countries
    compared with MugglesAs we all know, the economic strategies of large and small countries are quite different.A big country requires 
   big and comprehensive
   , and a few of them are sophisticated and cutting-edge, even if their basic industriesIt is not the most advanced, but it must be there, because if there is a problem in a big country, no country can save it, so everything has to be done by itself.But small countries are different. Regardless of the issue of being constrained by big countries, they should give priority to the development of advantageous industries in terms of industry, so as to obtain a higher status and more profitable position in the international division of labor.In Lockhart's view, it is a waste for someone with wizard talent to let him/her do housework and farm the land, because a Muggle can also do these things, even if it is less efficient
   
   
Chapter 92   
   
   According to the 
   comparative advantage theory
   , although Muggles are less efficient in farming and doing housework than wizards, if wizards are allowed to do these things, the opportunity cost of wasting is higher, so overall it is very bad.To give a simple example, a 25-year-old college-educated dentist wants to shovel the snow outside his door, and his neighbor's kid is 10 years old.It stands to reason that whether it is work or shoveling snow, the adult has an advantage over the child.But this doctor earns 30 pounds an hour, but the child only needs 5 pounds pocket money for snow shoveling.So the best thing for this grown-up would be to go to work and hire the neighborhood kid for £5 to shovel the snow.The neighborhood kids can only earn £2 selling lemonade or reselling biscuits, so naturally they are also willing to shovel snow.The current situation in the wizarding world is that this high-income dentist has to shovel snow himself because of the 
   Secrecy Act
   , the child also lost his job, and the entire macro-society lost 30 pounds of GDP.Therefore, so far, Lockhart has not tried to develop those 
   labor-intensive
    industries in the wizarding world, even oil wells, water supply projects, etc., he would rather hire people from the Muggle side or directly use Muggle tools to complete .But one by one, if you want to give full play to your comparative advantages, you must first realize free tradeThat's right!Similarly, according to macroeconomic theory, under the previous fixed exchange rate system, the central bank of the wizarding world, that is, Gringotts, which is qualified to issue currency, cannot effectively promote national output through monetary policy.Only when the exchange rate is allowed to fluctuate, the imbalance of import and export caused by policy adjustment will not cause the adjustment of money supply and quantity demanded.If wizards and Muggles are regarded as two different 
   countries
   , then the current situation is that wizards need to 
   import
    things from Muggles, but Muggles know nothing about the wizarding world, so naturally Ask for nothing.Last year, Lockhart finally figured out a way to make Gringotts understand the importance of floating exchange rates while making profits by operating binary options transactions. The problem of one-way exits.It is not enough to just develop oil wells for this, because this will only benefit the upper echelons of the wizarding world: that is, the pure-blood families with capital. This will certainly keep these people away from the lunatic Voldemort, but... If the strength of the people has skyrocketed but the common people have not changed, until the power of the two sides is completely out of balance, what does the pure-blood family need the Ministry of Magic to do?In that case, what difference does it make if there is Voldemort or not?He must find a way to balance it so that the common people in the wizarding world can also benefit from the trade with Muggles, so that the economy and politics can continue to develop healthily.For this reason, he must develop this resort project, so that when the pure-blood family eats meat, they also give some meat to the residents of Hogsmeade, instead of letting them only drink soup or swallow.As a civil servant, Lockhart understood the proportions very well. He even felt that he knew balance better than that idiot Fudge.Well, I'm so worried about this family--Lockhart with a ratherComplacent dreaming.Chapter 190 Six Empty Alleyfield?prison,When /wy,When Lockhart finished the association in his mind, he found that Gemma in front of him also seemed to be a little hesitant, as if he was distressed about what decision to make.   What's the matter? Are there any questions?
    Lockhart asked pleasantly.Gemma bit her lower lip, as if she had finally made up her mind.
   It's like this... Although I have heard of it before, I have never experienced such things as movies. I don't know if you would like to take me... er... watch aSeeing that Lockhart's expression seemed to have changed, Gemma quickly added another sentence:    When this is to enhance the intuitive experience of the project, I am obliged to describe the most realistic experience to the sponsors...
   The more she spoke, the more urgent her tone became, until in the end she didn't know what she was talking about.Lockhart thought that it would be better if the sponsor directly watched a movie by himself.It must be so troublesome, and this reason is really too far-fetched.But then he thought that since his subordinates were willing to experience it in depth, it would be a good way to enhance the friendship of colleagues by accompanying him.Just like the boss in Lockhart's previous life, who usually likes to take his subordinates to the racetrack, having common interests can indeed enhance the relationship between people.So he agreed:    Okay, let me see tonight's schedule, the trailer was released the day before yesterday... It's 
   Roman Holiday
   , oh, that's a good movie, I'll watch it again after decades , it is still a very good love movieGemma didn't expect that she won a big prize by accident.
   Then tonight!
    she said hastily, 
   It's not good to take up too much time., resolve this matter as soon as possible.Lockhart was a little unhappy because he had planned to spend the night with the Three Broomsticks
   In that case, my itinerary will have to be changed.
    He smacked his lips, 
   I'll ask that friend if it's okay to temporarily change the plan.
   Tell me who that man is, and I'll make him change his mind—Gemma nearly blurted out.
   Of course, if there is an appointment, the appointment should come first. After all, movies can be watched every day.
    Gemma said against her will.Without further ado, Lockhart went to Three Broomsticks after the office meeting, and told Rosmerta about it, hoping that she would stand up and speak out.But Rosmerta politely turned him down.
   I'm sorry, but I have a principle that I never destroy someone's family,
    she said.
   Family? I don't have a family yet?
    Lockhart was puzzled.Rosmerta chuckled:    The way of life of the Three Broomsticks is to never offend anyone, especially women, I am a woman myself, so I know that women's revenge is not only extremely strong, but also often irrational. If I ignore the feelings of the woman in order to gain the favor of the man, then the three broomsticks must not be able to drive long.Lockhart became more and more confused:    But I just asked you to help me find an excuse. But Rosmerta was relentless, and even added a knife:    From today, you don't come here again at night, because I feel it will be very dangerous. 
   
   Danger?
   
   Goodbye, now you can go to the movies, to be honest, I'm actually quiteI want to watch it, so from today onwards, the drinks in the tavern will be served directly at the cinema at night. 
   
   Also, remember, you came to me today to talk about this matter.
    Rosmerta warned Lockhart again:    I don't want to hear other people gossip.
    Even if Lockhart is a fool, at this time I also recalled it:    You don't mean to say.oo that girl oo
   
   Thank you for claiming to be a smart person.
    Rosmerta threw him out.Like the previous two films, 
   Roman Holiday
    once again caused a grand occasion of 
   empty people
    in Hogsmeade.Although in terms of connotation, 
   Roman Holiday
    is not a film with profound thoughts, but for women, its content is far more enjoyable than 
   The Wizard of Oz
    and 
   The Sound of Music
   .Because it is a pure love film, and it also tells the dewy love story between a princess and a poor reporter, which is naturally eye-catching.Love is probably a topic that has been talked about for a long time since human beings had written words, and it is also a true o hot spot that has supported many literati.From Greek mythology to 
   Book of Songs
   , from Shakespeare to Cao Xueqin, to Thomas Hardy and Eileen Chang, many classic works were born because of love, running through the whole history of mankind.Even Hedgehog Cat, isn't there a group of readers who clamor every day 
   don't watch dramas without emotions
   .In short, in terms of pursuing love, there is no barrier between wizards and Muggles, everyone is a slut.In addition, the heroes and heroines of 
   Roman Holiday
    are Gregory Peck andWhen Audrey Hepburn was at the peak of her beauty, even a wizard couldn't help being tempted by it.Sure enough, when watching the movie, Lockhart noticed that the wizards were all amazed by Hepburn, while the witches obviously cared more about the plot itself.But what Lockhart wants them to notice is not these, but the busy streets, rows of cars and tall and beautiful buildings in the Muggle world in the movie. As long as it impresses the wizard.And this is a mid-20th-century movie, and the Muggle world is only going to be more prosperous now than it was back then—that's what Lockhart wants to subtly instill.It is precisely because he has seen it many times that Lockhart not only did not indulge in it, but even started a desertion:I don't know how Hermione's progress is, whether she can persuade her partner to officially take the first step in politics.Hermione, study hard!That's how adults wield social influence, he thought.It's just that Lockhart didn't notice, and the people around him were a little disappointed when they noticed that he was a little absent-minded.When the end credits of the movie started to play, even in this open-air theater with only 200 people, the applause never stopped.   Hey, Gilderoy, when will this movie be shown again?
    Mrs. Puddiffe asked eagerly, 
   Is it possible on the weekend morning? I would like you to put that machine in my teahouse.
   Because the teahouse run by Mrs. Puddife is mainly for couples, she suddenly realized after watching this movie that her teahouse has a demand for love movies.It’s true that the young lovers of Hogwarts often come and go to her teahouse, but the time they stay is often very limited. Sometimes a young couple just met because both of them are relatively clumsy, so they don’t have much to say for a long time In other words, Madam Puddife was even more anxious than they were.But when she was watching the movie just now, the reactions of the village couples in the dark made her suddenly realize that movies can also adjust the atmosphere of couples, at least it won't make people feel embarrassed and have nothing to say.However, in her opinion, such powerful equipment must be very expensive, so she decided to rent it from Lockhart, but she didn't know that the price of this thing was likely to be less than half a month's income of hers.Lockhart wanted to have a deep talk with Mrs. Puddife, but he immediately found that the people around him seemed a little unhappy.
   Let's talk at your teahouse,
    he said to Madame Puddieff.Then he turned around and greeted Gemma:    Just in time, let's have a little supper together.
   The eldest lady's mood suddenly turned from cloudy to sunny.
   Although I rarely eat at night, I can make an exception today,
    she said. 
   Of course, because this is the first project I have actually participated in...
   Chapter 190 Seven MotorcyclesIn a gentlemanly manner, Lockhart made a deliberate circle after finishing the negotiation and sent Miss Farley back before returning to the Shrieking Shack.After returning to the Shrieking Shack, Lockhart couldn't help feeling that he was not taking a newcomer on a business trip, but serving a potential boss who couldn't afford to offend.He suddenly remembered an old joke in the British civil service class. A baroness invited her husband's subordinates' wives to dinner for her birthday, but the person who came was a countess. Sitting in the main seat, and the countess's husband had to apologize to his boss the next day.Now his situation is so similar to that joke, and this one is even more ridiculous, because Lockhart found this 
   organization
    himself.At this moment, he suddenly vaguely hoped that Voldemort could be revived quickly, so that the wizarding world could shuffle the cards again, otherwise this situation would be really hopeless.In any case, Lockhart's work was finally on the right track. After the eldest lady of the Farley family came forward, he finally dared to discuss sponsorship fees with people from the 
   Daily Prophet
    and the Comet Company....Maybe they wanted to leave this credit to her.Lockhart thought rather darkly.With this in mind, Lockhart got into bed, ready to have a good night's sleep, and then go to the bathroom tomorrow.As Lockhart's 
   dog
   , Sirius also went to see the movie.But for him, love and the like are naturally non-existent things, and there is nothing to see.As for the streets of Muggles, he had seen and played, and it was not very rare.Just when the residents are talking about the light motorcycle that appeared in 
   Roman Holiday
   Towing the car, when he wanted to find out where that thing was sold, Sirius curled his lips secretly.Of course motorcycles are good things. When he just graduated from Hogwarts, even though the relationship with his family was very tense, he was still very rich. He bought a big seat from Muggles at that time. two-seater motorcycle, and enchanted it with flying magic.Recalling the feeling of driving that motorcycle, Sirius still vaguely remembered it—it was very enjoyable, and it was even better than riding a broom or flying carpet.Although the flying carpet is comfortable to ride, simply sitting on it doesn't give him a sense of control, and because of the center of gravity, the braking of the flying carpet will be much slower than that of the broom. Sirius doesn't like this thing.Although the broom has a sense of control and good braking, even with the addition of a cushion spell and pedals, the comfort is far inferior to that of a motorcycle, not to mention that it does not block the wind at all.It's a pity that he didn't drive that motorcycle for long before he heard the bad news of the death of the Potters. Disappointed, he gave the flying motorcycle to Hagrid, and he didn't know if Hagrid was still using it now. , really want to ask him....Forget it, if he appeared in front of Hagrid now, he would probably rush forward without any explanation, and beat his chest with his fist.If you are still alive after killing Peter, then buy another motorcycle and go wandering around the world.Even though Blake wasn't initially interested in the movie, he watched several episodes in a row because he told himself he needed to find out when it would run.He noticed that every time a movie was played, the residents of Hogsmeade would put down their work and other entertainment activities and come to watch the movie together in the open air, and at this time the village was almost empty.And Lockhart usually has to stay in the open-air theater or its surroundings during this period of time to maintain order, lest those dementors be attracted by 
   delicious
   , hold backCan't stop, come uninvited.In other words, during this period of time, no matter what small movements he made, he was very safe, and no one would pay attention to where a dog went.He counted the time and found that among the several movies that are currently playing, including the 10-minute intermission at halftime, it takes at least two hours before and after, while a movie like 
   The Wizard of Oz
    takes a full three hours. hours to finish.Two or three hours unnoticed—what a chance!Sirius murmured to himself.Now at Hogwarts, he has both internal support and a relaxed external environment and conditions for committing crimes. All he lacks is a chance to enter the common roomHe could hardly restrain his desire for revenge to kill that mouse.But he still has some brains, knowing that if he rashly appears in Hogwarts again, Dumbledore will know that he has a secret passage that Filch doesn't know about, and maybe after careful inspection, there will be found.That's why he chose a relatively 
   obvious
    secret path for his escape last time, and his escape from that secret path should have been discovered, otherwise the Ministry of Magic staff wouldn't have said 
   searched all over the lake
   .So the next shot must be a fatal blow, and they should not be given a chance to react, otherwise, even if the school didn't find him, Peter Pettigrew would definitely run away.Next, he only needs to take advantage of the movie time to go to the secret passage every day, make sure that the secret passage he knows has not been discovered, wait for Crookshanks to find a way to get the password, and then wait for a time when Dumbledore leaves school Just do it.Seeing that revenge was close at hand, Sirius calmed himself down instead.Anyway, after so many years, it's not too late.Now Sirius’s life is extremely regular: he is “walked the dog” every morning, catches up on sleep at noon, eats and drinks around after waking up in the afternoon, watches movies at night,Sneaking up and scouting around Hogwarts—if not for revenge, this kind of life is really good.He may not even realize that under such a quiet but silent    corrosion
   , his desire for 
   life
    began to rekindle in his heart.
   
   
Chapter 93   
   
   It was right for Sirius to want to take advantage of Dumbledore's going out, because Dumbledore is indeed having a headache now.Because of the Triwizard Tournament, the Quidditch World Cup, and his plan to study abroad in his infancy, Dumbledore must go to France to participate in the International Federation of Wizards within a month.□NAlthough he is not very interested in politics, he still has to fulfill certain political obligations, such as fighting for Britain's due international interests and maintaining the mainstream ideology of the international wizarding world after the Grindelwald Rebellion.Like Hitler, although Grindelwald's troubled times have ended, it is like an unquenchable wildfire, but his thoughts are still poisonous, and there are many people who regard his thoughts as the standard.Just like Luna's father, Lovegood, who still has Grindelwald's symbol, Dumbledore feels the need to keep an eye on it.And Lockhart, who was nested in Hogsmeade, also entrusted him with one thing-he hoped that Dumbledore could talk to the president of the African Union, let them relax the investment of British wizards in Nigeria, and hinted that Dumbledore Lido will definitely have his benefits.To be honest, Dumbledore is not too cold about Lockhart's money offensive. He himself belongs to the kind of person who can say to Harry, 
   Spend it as much as you want, I have too much property
   , and has no interest in material things. Too much demand.But Lockhart said that this is his fulfillment of the agreement last year-he promised Dumbledore that he would ban the black market in Knockturn Alley.Io As long as the Triwizard Tournament is successfully held, we can take the opportunity of tourists from all over the world to build an international import and export commodity fair in Hogsmeade, andReduce the tax rate to 5% in one fell swoop, so that Knockturn Alley's black market status will no longer exist...
   If Lockhart hadn't reminded him, Dumbledore might have really forgotten about it.----There are politicians who are willing to fulfill the verbal agreement before coming to power, which is really beyond Dumbledore's cognition.But Dumbledore agrees with strengthening Hogsmeade's positionThis is not because his family also has real estate in Hogsmeade, but because he thinks that this can add a 
   business center
    attribute to Hogwarts on the basis of 
   education center
   . You can also exert your own influence.So he decided to agree to Lockhart's request,
    even if the vast majority of the oil trade benefits are pure blood.But what made Dumbledore hesitant was that he didn't know what kind of follow-up impact this would bring.He decided to speak to Lockhart.Chapter 190 Eight Helping Brother Demon DumbledoreEarly in the morning, when Sirius was lying in his kennel, imagining the scene of skinning and tearing Peter Pettigrew into pieces, he suddenly heard a sudden sound of strange footsteps outside.The footsteps were obviously not Lockhart's or Dobby's, because it was heavier than Lockhart's footsteps than Dobby's, and the sound of the end of the robe rubbing against the ground was also a little strange—the Hogsmeade residents usually Because of work, this kind of robe is rarely worn.In line with the 
   job
    of looking after the home and nursing home, Sirius got out of the dog house, ready to bark twice to show his conscientiousness and avoid others' suspicion.Release vinegar?/p>As soon as he barked, he was so frightened that the series of barking behind his paw was stifled back.Through the early morning mist, Sirius caught a glimpse of the iconic gray beard and the half-moon glasses, which he still couldn't forget even after so many years of graduation.Bark, the principal is here!Although Sirius and the others had fairly good grades in school, it was still difficult to conceal their nature as problem students.Filch's former administrator, that is, Apollyon Pringle, although he likes to physically punish students at every turn, and Arthur Weasley was also treated badly by him, but even he took the Robber [-] The group has no choice.You know, the only one who couldn't deal with so many previous administrators was that Sao Ling Peeves, but when he took office, five of them appeared at once, which was really exhausting.If it weren't for the bad relationship between Peeves and the Robbers, Pringle might not have survived when Filch took over.The person who stood up to save him at this time was the principal Dumbledore. No matter how many embarrassing tricks the four robbers used, Dumbledore could crack one of them and drag the four little bastards out. Come clean up.So Sirius is not afraid of Pringle, but he is very afraid of Dumbledore. Although he is not afraid of it to the extent of his genes, he is at least afraid of it to the bone marrow.Dumbledore noticed Sirius, though he closed his mouth after making a sound.
   Pretty good little guy.
    He commented casually and knocked on the door of the Screaming Shack.If the dog didn't say anything after seeing him, or yelled when he first saw him, maybe the dog wouldn't get such an evaluation from him, because this is a very normal reaction for ordinary dogs.But the big black dog closed its mouth after roaring twice, which shows that it is very aware of the strength comparison between the two sides, and it is a smart dog.And Dumbledore can still feel that there is magic in this guy.But this didn't make Dumbledore too concerned, because it was normal in the wizarding world.This is the side effect of people living for a long time. In the eyes of young people, he has basically seen no matter what weird things happen, and he has long been familiar with them.There are many animals that can sense the concentration of magical power on a wizard, such as swallow-tailed dogs, owls, little devils, invisible beasts, and ball-flying birds. It is not uncommon for wizard families to have one or two such dogs.Even the Pest Management Office of the Ministry of Magic has a bunch of albino white hounds to help wizard families drive away piggies, in case they destroy wizards' farms.Now that Lockhart was working at the Ministry of Magic, it would not be difficult to get a cub born of the white dogs from the Ministry of Magic, so Dumbledore didn't even ask.Lockhart had already washed up and had breakfast, and was waiting in the room, He immediately opened the door after hearing the sound of the dog barking and the door knocking, and welcomed Dumbledore in.Blake shrank in the dog house for a long time with cold sweat and fear, and contrary to the usual practice of leaning over the window to eavesdrop when a guest came, this time he didn't even dare to poke his head out.However, he also missed an important piece of information because of this, a piece of information that could save him a lot of detours.
   I don't know if you know, there is a room at Hogwarts, and it will appear when people need it-
    Dumbledore started with this sentence.
   Are you talking about the room on the eighth floor opposite the portrait of 'Troll beat Barnabas with a stick'?
    Lockhart asked immediately.Dumbledore smiled:    It seems that I don't need to explain.
   
   That's a good place, many students like to hide things there.
    Lockhart said with a shrug.Although it is not clear why Voldemort dared to hide his Horcrux in the Room of Requirement, the explanation that 
   because he was too confident, he thought it was impossible for anyone but him to find the Room of Requirement
    obviously does not make sense.Because the Room of Requirement is full of things that many students have put there for more than 900 years, and many things, such as books, have the names of the treasure hunters written on them.Even if Voldemort had cerebral palsy, he should be able to notice that none of those things were conjured by the Room of Requirement.Therefore, we can only guess that he really hid it with his heart, but the way of hiding it was to try to hide it with a pile of unremarkable garbage, so as to escape the search, but he really didn't want to find a stone or a can to deal with it. That's why I had to use Ravenclaw's golden diadem.But Dumbledore obviously didn't come to Lockhart to talk to him about the Room of Requirement, but to explain to Lockhart.
   I just came from the secret passage from the Room of Requirement to the Pig's Head Bar.
    Dumbledore said, 
   I was a little worried that Black came from there, but there is no sign of recent movement in it, so he probably doesn't know. 
   Maybe now, Lockhart thought of the big black dog outside the windowBut Lockhart was too worried. Sirius was trembling in the doghouse now, and he didn't dare to eavesdrop, because he knew that as long as he eavesdropped, Dumbledore would definitely find out.Besides, he probably didn't expect that Hogwarts and the existence of secret passages that the four of them didn't know about.For example, the secret passage from the Pig's Head Bar to the House of Requirement, because of the unplottable magic of the House of Requirement, even the Marauder's Map cannot mark this passage, and this secret passage has also become a place for robbers. The only one missed by the group.When Lockhart asked Aberforth Dumbledore why he didn't fill the tap water in the Hog's Head, Aberforth was clearly not telling the truth.Any fear of customers' resentment is actually fake. What he is really worried about is that if the pipeline is installed, the secret passage will be discovered by outsiders.Mang and Forth will keep an eye on Hogsmeade for me, and if there is something wrong with the castle, he will go over and help me deal with it. said Dumbledore to Lockhart.Lockhart was a little strange:    Then why did you tell me this?
    
   Because Aberforth is not strong enough.
    He said.For some reason, Dumbledore's face looked a little dignified:    If his magic level could be one-tenth of mine, I wouldn't be as worried as I am now, but obviously he doesn't, even if he can control Fox the same.
   It would have looked very arrogant to say it to anyone but himself, but it came from Dumbledore very naturally and beyond doubt.
   That is to say, if there is any accident here when you go to France, I wantGoing from the secret passage to Hogwarts with your brother? 
    Lockhart confirmed.No, because you can't apparate in or around Hogwarts, and I'm taking Fox away too... In case he is too impatient and rushes over with a phoenix, it's hard to tell whether he's helping or throwing himself into the trap. 
   
   Have you told your brother that?
    Lockhart asked curiously.Dumbledore shook his head:    No.
   Sure enough, every family has scriptures that are difficult to recite——Lockhart sighed in his heartIn fact, when Hogwarts had four headmasters, no matter what crisis happened, it was not for him and Aberforth to preside over the situation.If Flitwick, McGonagall, and Snape were all down, it would be useless for him to go there, since he was probably just delivering food.So Dumbledore's true intentions are clear - he's not so much worried about Hogwarts as he is worried that something will happen to his irascible brother, so he asks Lockhart to protect him.Although he was concerned about his younger brother, he would not say this directly to Aberforth because the two brothers had a bad relationship.If Albus had said bluntly to Aberforth, 
   You're too weak,
    I'm afraid the younger brother would have kicked him out on the spot with a broom.But he knew that Lockhart was a smart man, and he would understand what he meant.Sure enough, Lockhart understood in seconds.
   Please rest assured that if I go to Hogwarts, I will accompany him. This is the responsibility of the Ministry of Magic officials.
    He assured.
   That's good.
    Dumbledore seemed relieved.Poor principal.Chapter 190 IX The Power of the New ForceBecause he came quietly, Dumbledore left after talking for a long time.He didn't need to ask about the changes in Hogsmeade, because he already knew about it, and even if he tried to find out, someone would find a way to tell him.He promised to help Lockhart clear up the affairs in Africa, and at the same time promised to help him promote the Triwizard Tournament and Hogsmeade. As for how many international friends he can bring, and what they can bring to Britain , it depends on whether Merlin is willing to give them good luck.Sirius Black waited long after Dumbledore had left before he dared to come out of the kennel to take a breath. He really didn't dare to take a breath just now, for fear of attracting the headmaster's attention, but finally passed the test smoothly.Dumbledore had no doubts, which meant that Lupine hadn't 
   betrayed
    him.Black suddenly wanted to take the risk of meeting Lupine, because he always felt that Lupine had not reported that he was an Animagus so far, which meant that this old classmate still had some affection for him. If he told him If Peter Pettigrew was still alive, maybe he would be willing to believe in himself.But after thinking about it for a long time lying on the soft cushion of the kennel, he decided to give up this tempting idea.—On the one hand, he was worried that Lupine's ears were too soft, and Peter Pettigrew would talk cleverly after being caught, so that Lupine would relax the control in doubt, so he took the opportunity to escape;On the other hand, it is also because of the need for revenge, he has to do everything by himself, and this is considered a crime of betrayal.In short, he doesn't trust anyone in the matter of revenge, and no one is more credible in his eyes than that half-breed cat Lizi.Just as he was thinking, there were footsteps coming from far and near outside.Blackburn thought it was Dumbledore who had gone and returned, and he went back into the kennel without saying a word: but when the sound got closer, he realized that the footsteps belonged to two people, one of whom was wearing heavy boots, and the other One was much lighter, and along with the air there was a faint scent of perfume in Blair's recently sharpened nostrils.Io is here, I hope this is over today, okay?Losing time is not good for everyone.    A female voice came.
   Okay, Miss Farley, the framework has been set, only some details need to be confirmed, I believe it will not take much time.
   Although the other voice showed that its owner was obviously older, his attitude and voice seemed a bit subdued, even flattering.
   That's really great.
    Gemma Farley said in a tone, 
   I managed to win this opportunity. Originally, Light Wheel Company and Comet Company had more advantages, but fortunately, people in Ravenclaw College have more advantages. Like to sweep…”
   I know they are using the Sweeping Seven Stars, I believe its speed and braking will never be worse than the Nimbus 2000.
    The visitor seemed full of confidence.
   But your opponents are Nimbus 2001, Twig 94, and Firebolt...especially the Firebolt. Compared with products from companies like yours, its performance is simply - Qi Juechen, right?
   Another voice seemed a little embarrassed:    
   Yes, but...Although the Firebolt has the strongest performance, many parts require fairy-made iron, so it is destined not to be mass-produced, so we don't need to pay too much attention to it, and our Sweeping Eleven star…
   Then the sound became much quieter, and then there was a knock on the door.Apparently it's just a broom manufacturer coming to Lockhart for a sponsorship deal.Sirius breathed a sigh of relief, as long as it wasn't Dumbledore, he wasn't worried about revealing his identity in front of others at all.And... 
   Firebolts are the most powerful
   , huh?In the room, Lockhart received the first businessman who came to negotiate a sponsorship contract with the Ministry of Magic, the representative of the broomstick company.
   This is Dieterd Ollerton, the business representative of the sweeping company.
    Gemma introduced to Lockhart.
   Nice to meet you.
    Lockhart shook hands with the other party politely, 
   Please forgive my impoliteness, but... your surname is Ollerton, isn't it?
   The visitor naturally understood what Lockhart was asking, so he straightened his chest: Father Cliffrd (Cliffrd)-Ollerton.    
   So you are a descendant of Mr. Barnaby Ollerton.
    Lockhart made a 
   long-admired
    look, complimenting the other party's family. The story of 
   sweeping the three brothers
    is really fascinating. When Europe was troubled by the shortage of Moon Dream and Oak Arrow 79, it was the three of them who introduced standardized operations and mass production into the broom manufacturing industry. This is undoubtedly a very wise and courageous act. 
   The founders of Sweeping Company are Bob (Bb), Bill (Bill) and Barnaby (Barnaby). Mr. should be a member of the family business of 
   D generation
    Akira Miaomasa Shirakune.It is not surprising that Lockhart can remember his father's name, because after wearing the Ravenclaw crown and burning the night light for a few days, he has almost memorized the names of all the slightly famous people in the wizarding world. It is even more difficult for Muggles to memorize 1 words a week.After he showed respect to the other party's family, surely the other party must be able to respond to his respect, right?Sure enough, Mr. Ollerton looked a little complacent.Although not a member of the holy 28 pure blood, he also has reason to be proud of the nobility of his family.If I can also marry a lady from a pure-blooded family, then this nobility should beThen it gets thicker...Thinking of this, he couldn't help but glanced at the young lady beside him.
   Sweeping Company decided to provide all players with the new Sweeping Eleven Stars for free during the Triwizard Tournament, and is willing to spend 1000 Galleons to buy the exclusive advertising rights of the broom in addition to sponsoring 2000 Galleons.
    Dieter Germany made his own terms.This condition was much better than what Lockhart had expected at the beginning, but he didn't intend to just agree to it.
   Exclusive advertising rights? Is it for the media, or for the stadium?
    Lockhart asked intentionally.When facing a confident negotiating opponent, it is best to use some small means to make him impetuous, and then use methodical and calm elaboration and a firm attitude to soften the opponent's position, so as to maximize the benefits.Lockhart wasn't sure if the wizard had studied negotiation skills, but he was sure that this young man without a city would definitely not be his opponent.Dietold was really fooled:    Is there any difference between the two?
   
   
   
Chapter 94   
   
   Di, which one do you want to buy? 
   
   But we're going to take them all, all the ads,
    Dieteld repeated.So Lockhart pretended to be surprised:    But at your price... shouldn't you just buy one?
   Dieterd Ollerton was indeed a little impatient - he had just sworn in front of Miss Farley that he would solve the problem quickly, but there were twists and turns in the middle, where did he put his face?The way in which Lockhart had just elevated his family no doubt played a role - by this method he implied that Ollerton, a family with a long history and a reputation, should not be 
   petty
   .This was the first time for Gemma Farley to see Lockhart's true colors outside of the classroom and the club. Although she couldn't understand it, she could feel that Lockhart was using his own method to bring his negotiating opponent into consideration. to your own rhythm.The idiot!She glanced at Dieteld.After half an hour of negotiations, Dieterd Ollerton, who was a bit haggard, accepted the new conditions proposed by Lockhart, and signed the contract on behalf of Sweeping Company.But Lockhart still seemed to be in good spirits, and the etiquette was not messed up from the beginning to the end. In the end, he invited Mr. Ollerton to drink a glass of whiskey to celebrate, with a look of ease.Despite unintentionally making many concessions, Ollerton was still very happy in his heart, because as a member of the fourth generation of the family, he finally did something for the family, and Lockhart's asking price did not exceed his bottom line .What's more, it's all done in someone's presence, which undoubtedly puts him at the top of the pack of pursuers.Chapter [-] Selling AnxietyAfter seeing off the guests, the atmosphere in the office seemed much more relaxed, even though there were only Lockhart and Farley here.Of course, Lockhart would never begrudge his praise at this time.
   Good job, Ms. Farley. Nimbus and Comet are in full swing now. With their sales in Europe, they would never spend so much effort on advertising. It is an excellent choice to choose the slightly weaker Sweeping Company. judge.
   
   Thank you.
    Gemma happily accepted the compliment, 
   Your negotiation skills are also impressive.
   Lockhart waved his hand indifferently:    It's nothing, it's just a routine...Comparatively speaking, how to build a new industrial system is more troublesome.
   
   Industrial system. Is it in Hogsmeade?
    Gemma asked sensitively.
   Yeah, I don't know if your family has found out, but our wizarding world is now facing a very serious problem.
    Lockhart said with a serious face.Gemma was bluffed by him:    Do you mean Shishi?
   
   It's gold, and it's getting less and less.
    Lockhart didn't make a fool of himself, 
   Although we still have a lot of gold reserves, they are gradually decreasing in terms of the overall trend, and the flow direction is towards Muggles. side.
   When Gemma heard that he was talking about this, she became less worried.
   Although this is indeed a problem, it is not that urgent.
    She explained, 
   There are still many gold mines underground, which cannot be found with Muggle technology for the time being. We still have a lot of gold.
   Lockhart chuckled, 
   Did the goblins tell you that?
   Gemma's expression changed, as if she had sensed something from Lockhart's words:    Youwhite spoon mean?
   The goblins may have found a lot of gold, but they don't have the ability to mine it,
    Lockhart pointed out. Production capacity, I doubt they can even supply Firebolt parts.
   Gemma was a little nervous:    Are you serious? I mean, I know you have a good relationship with Gringotts, but the production process of goblins has always been a mystery...
   
   It is precisely because of their good relationship that I know how greedy they are for gold.
    Lockhart said with emotion, 
   I am sure that if they had the ability to mine, they would have opened up all these gold mines a long time ago.
   Gemma was stunned for a long time when she heard the words, she wasn't sure if she should tell her father and his father's friends about Lockhart's conjectures.She decided to put the topic aside for now.
   If—I mean if—the goblins don't have enough gold mining power, how do you plan to solve this problem?
    she asked.
   I personally think that we should implement a 
   trade balance policy
    against Muggles.
    Lockhart obviously thought carefully, 
   No matter how much money wizards buy from Muggles, we should sell back the same amount, otherwise No matter how much gold we have, it will run out one day. 
   
   What are you going to sell to Muggles?
    Gemma was puzzled, 
   It seems that Muggles don't need magic to live well.
   
   The human heart is always insatiable, Miss Farley. As a half-Muggle family with many Muggle relatives, no one understands Muggles better than me.
    Lockhart didn't know modesty at all, 
   We're wizards, and what we have is worth so much that it would drive the Muggle world crazy.
   Although it seemed absurd for a Ministry of Magic clerk to talk to a Ministry of Magic trainee about this kind of issue, neither Lockhart nor Gemma felt that there was anything wrong with it., as if they really had the power to deal with this kind of thing.This is of course because one of them is a child of a pure-blooded family with real power, and the other is aLion Pie's new spokesperson, so he's always better than other wizards in this kind of thing.
   The Shrine of the ProtagonistThis was the only reason Lockhart came up with after thinking for a long time that would not make the pure-blood family object.Although some people often compare these pure-blood wizard families to those noble gentlemen in the late feudal period, they are actually somewhat different.Feudal landlords hoped to restrain the labor force because the manor economy was highly self-sufficient, and these aristocratic lords did not need much money except for buying weapons and dresses. The taxes that farmers were required to pay were often mainly grain taxes, furs, and meat.For half-blood wizards, pure-blood families have the advantage of heritage, that is, ancient and special magic, family heirlooms and wealth, and use these to control Muggle-born wizards.The existence of Hogwarts has neutralized this intellectual contradiction, and modern science and technology have provided substitutes for Muggle-born wizards, so the decline of pure-blood families has become an inevitable thing.Now the only advantages left in their hands are wealth and ancient heritage, and when these are gone, the boundary between them and Muggle wizards will disappear.Lockhart believes that these people will definitely try to find a way out, and they will definitely be moved by his proposal.
   We can set up a trading company to buy Muggle items, then magically transform them, and then sell them to rich Muggle people at a price dozens or hundreds of times the original price, which is the so-called Intermediary trade'
    suggested Lockhart.Gemma took a breath:    This will cause big trouble, let Muggles use magic
   No, no, no, it's not to let them use magic, but to let some of their rich people enjoy the ordinary items that every wizard can enjoy at a sky-high price.
    Lockhart changed his words.
   But...they'll tell!
    Gemma retorted instinctively.Of course Lockhart wanted to push back this doubt. If he couldn't even convince a little girl, how could he confuse those pure bloods.
   No, they won't.
    Lockhart said calmly, 
   Not only will those rich and respected people not leak secrets, but they will also regard them as the threshold of the 'elite' and voluntarily assist us in keeping secrets. 
   Lockhart has seen countless times of this kind of high society threshold trick.For example, Madoff, the father of financial fraud and Nasdaq, used a very simple method to absorb funds from rich people, that is, secret associations.Because the interest rate he offered was very high, but not so high as to exceed common sense, rich people flocked to his fund, even when he said, 
   Don't let outsiders know about my investment channels, Otherwise, the interest rate will be lowered.
    Not only did the Wall Street tycoons who invested in him not raise any questions, but they all looked proud and took the initiative to help him cover up.— Time, whether you can invest in Madoff's fund has even become a symbol of 
   status
    in the New York financial circle. If you fail to buy his fund, it means that your net worth is not qualified enough.Therefore, even if these 
   Xianduoge
    people want to invest in Madoff's Ponzi scheme, even if it is for the sake of face.Because he knows the faces of those 
   high-class people
   , Lockhart is sure that if he throws some interesting things in the 
   high-class society
   , those who enjoy them will never leak the secrets, and even feel superior Feelings, help the wizards to drive up the prices of these things.But there are also two problems - first, whether the Muggle upper class can restrain their greed and not try to meddle in controlling the wizarding world.The second is whether those who benefit from the 
   intermediate trade
    can benefit the common people in the wizarding world.It was precisely because of this previous concern that Lockhart had to bring the pure-blood wizards to the end. First, unify the upper-level consciousness so that the wizards could spontaneously resist the greedy tentacles of the Muggle capitalists, otherwise the rich people over there could use bribes Muggle-born wizarding family way to achieve indirect control.Even scarier - marrying directly into a family of pure-blood wizards.In that case, a huge and terrifying trust group will be born because of the intermediate trade.For this reason, Lockhart did not hesitate to sell anxiety and moderately provoke the confrontation between pure blood and Muggle family-born wizards-he repeatedly told Gemma that 
   your gold is going to be gone
    because of this.There will definitely be bloody conflicts in the process of provoking the confrontation between pure blood and 
   Mudblood
   . Compared with Dumbledore's approach as the 
   White Devil
   , Lockhart's approach is actually not much better, or even worse. evil, but his final purpose is very noble, even if it includes his own self-interest.This is the true meaning of 
   heroes have never been good since ancient times
   -the white lotus cannot exist in a politician unless he does nothing.Pure-blood families have not yet realized that the theory of bloodlines is actually a double-edged sword for their rule, but after they realize the side effects of this thing, the confluence of the superstructure of the wizarding world and the Muggle world will inevitably bring 
   American Liberalism
   -that is, the totalitarian and 
   free
   , chaotic, and antagonistic underclass of a minority of capital.If you look at the political operation of the United States, you will know that it is not liberalism at all, but a kind of self-contradictory pragmatism.Therefore, Lockhart personally tends to put up the shelf of trade first, and then use Voldemort's chaos to clean up the upper echelons of the wizarding world, and then use various small means to strengthen the role of public power in the wizarding world. One and these little tricks are notWhat can be said to Gemma Farley.The Ministry of Magic must become a real government with real power, not a loose and incompetent wizard's office like it is now.This wasn't because Lockhart had suddenly become a socialist, but an instinctive reaction from an egoist who didn't want to wait until he became Minister for Magic and the position became a nominal title.However, whether it is to solve the problem of bloodlines or the backwardness of the wizarding world, the key to unlocking all these must and can only be 
   intermediate trade
   , which Lockhart can guarantee.Gemma Farley felt that what he said made sense, but felt very confused inside, unable to explain why.In the end, she could only choose to hand over the power of judgment to her father.
   Can you write this down? I'll ask Dad,
    she asked.
   Of course.
    Lockhart smiled brighter.-------------Chapter Dividing Line---------------Lockhart didn't expect the pure-blood family to give him an answer right away, anyway, what he's doing now is just putting a nail in the ground first.So far, Lockhart's apparent ability, wealth, and connections have been placed in front of almost everyone in the wizarding world. It can be said that as long as he does not die in the future, there will definitely be such a number one figure in the political arena of the wizarding world.Everyone was curious about what Lockhart was going to do and what his actions would bring to himself and his family. After all, what he had done in the past had brought wealth to many people.And this sense of expectation was something they had never felt for Fudge before.People are like this, it’s fine when there is no hope, but once they have expectations, their mood will become flickering, whether it is for Sirius or a business person in the magic world This is true for all of us.With the addition of Gemma Farley, companies indirectly controlled by pure-blood families began to come to discuss cooperation issues.Although a little skeptical about Lockhart's plan, which is still mostly on paper, no matter who it is, after washing in the newly built Finnish bath on the edge of the village and watching a movie, their attitude will relax.This is purely a business reception, the kind that can be paid.Among the many sponsors, the biggest name is undoubtedly the Fengya wizard clothing store with a branch in Hogsmeade.It is an international business, not only in Hogsmeade and London, but also in the United States, France, Italy, Australia and Greece.So for an international event like the Triwizard Tournament, it was determined to win from the very beginning.In Hogsmeade's newly built Finnish bath cabin, which is said to have been driven over from the United StatesThe business representative of Fengya wizard clothing store and Lockhart met frankly and exchanged opinions.Facing the sponsorship fee of 5000 Galleons promised by their representative, Lockhart even forgot to bargain for a while, because it was more than he thought at first.Originally, he wanted to invite the Tuofan clothing store to bid together? But now it seems unnecessary, because the two parties are not on the same level at all.As for Mrs. Malkin's gown shop... that kind of hand-made tailor shop is better to continue selling her school gowns. It is absolutely impossible for dresses such as golden time, swaying blue light, and psychedelic nebula to appear in Mrs. Malkin's robe shop. of.
   We don't have much time to spend on wrangling.
    The business representative of the Fengya Wizard Store said to Lockhart with great wealthHowever, their sponsorship is not without requirements—in addition to the fact that contestants must wear the costumes provided by their company and enjoy exclusive reporting rights, they also require that during the Triwizard Tournament, Hogwarts should hold at least three public dances , and it was the kind reported by reporters.This request was somewhat beyond Lockhart's expectations. It can only be said that he is worthy of being a well-known international company. He understood the rules he set so quickly, and also,,, I--Li turned one against two.
   The Magical Congress of America has done something similar,
    the representative told Lockhart. 
   They even require wizards to use the sponsor's goods in order to watch the gemstone on the forehead of the Quidditch long-horned water snake as a decoration.
   
   Oh, and then?
    Lockhart was interested.The representative made a helpless gesture:    Later, the Magic Capitol Hill was attacked by a group of angry wizards, protesting their policies, and this matter was left behind... What a pity.
   Lockhart's mouth dropped open in surprise, 
   They also... I mean, why?
   Because the horned water snake and the thunderbird are natural enemies, whenever a large number of wizards bring the gem of the horned water snake to watch the game, there will be thunder rolling beside the Quidditch field, followed by a torrential rain.
    The representative explained.
   I see... I personally agree with your sponsorship terms in principle, but I have to ask my superiors for instructions. As for the promotional efforts, please rest assured that it must be unprecedented.
    Lockhart assured.
   Then I'll just look forward to it.
    The representative said with a smile, 
   What is the 'movie' tonight?
    
   
   A war comedy co-produced by Britain and France—
   Escape from the Tiger's Mouth
    (1966).
    Lockhart replied without thinking.
   You and the French will also cooperate?
    The representative was very surprised.Lockhart immediately refuted the other party's prejudice:    In fact, there has always been...Merlin blessed Principal Dumbledore, and he is now in France.
   After securing several large sponsorship contracts, Lockhart suddenly discovered that the funds required for the competition had already been raised.Moreover, the funds Lockhart set up according to the standard of four people participating, that is, a small addition of one-third to the series of figures calculated by Mr. Crouch, so in the eyes of others, Lockhart actually The task has been overfulfilled.The problem that the Ministry of Magic has been worrying about for a long time was solved by himself in two months - Lockhart was triumphant.However, his work cannot be stopped because of this. The sponsors paid real money, and he had to let them see the effect, so Hogsmeade's major transformation officially openedHalf a month later, the villagers of Hogsmeade finally understood why Lockhart insisted on introducing tap water.Not to mention that without this thing, there is no way to talk about a beautiful public bath, justEven if many follow-up constructions do not have this water supply system, they will be stretched when they need water.For example, Lockhart opened up a piece of land by the lake into a Quidditch-twelve-pin-golf three-purpose court, and planted turf;The back mountain of Hogwarts was used by Lockhart to build a ski resort because of the snow, which was connected to Hogsmeade with a magic cableway, and a log cabin was built on the mountain;The movie theater has also accelerated its progress after receiving sufficient funds. Although the villagers still need to watch movies in the open space, a small theater that looks quite impressive from the outside has already seen its prototype.In addition, the large open space between the back of the village and the Forbidden Forest was also used by Lockhart to build a chic hotel.Because of the need to save money as much as possible, and because the British fairy tale 
   Jack and the Pea Vine
    has been widely spread around the world, Lockhart suddenly got inspiration and wanted to build a building that 
   grows
    on a large pea vine. room.So he went to Hogwarts to find Hufflepuff's dean, Professor Sprout.
   
   
Chapter 95   
   
   After asking about Lockhart's purpose, Professor Sprout first expressed surprise, but then thought about it and said that she could give it a try.
   Ordinary magic pea vines are too soft, and they are very easy to break after drying... It is not safe to use the permanent expansion spell, because in case the wizard who cast the spell dies, the small hotel will collapse immediately after losing the source of magic power.
    Sprout Lauter explained to him, 
   So I personally recommend crossing Whomping Willow catkins with magic peas, and then planting them in the Birnam Forest, letting them educate their offspring...
   
   They? Birnam Forest?
    Lockhart seemed to hear something terrible.WEAT.It's the Enchanted Tree Forest, where the trees can communicate and even move
   It turns out that passage in Macbeth is true... well, I don't understand that,
    Lockhart admitted, 
   but will you be able to grow it by next September?Professor Sprout thought for a while:    If the funds are sufficient, it should be possible toIs Zha 00 Galleons enough? 
   Lockhart didn't bat an eyelid when he spoke of the generosity of others.Too many karma... Thank you, Gildero, next year's 
   Fantastic Plants
    New Variety Breeding Award will definitely be mine. 
   Professor Sprout said happily.Professor Sprout is a pragmatic person, she said it would be possible, and Lockhart had confidence in her.
   Thanks, Pomona, you'll have a room for yourself when the Jack Peas grow up,
    Lockhart promised.He had no choice but to use 
   Jack Pea
    as a hotel, because Rosmerta didn't want to expand her tavern, and she didn't need to use this method to expand her business, so Lockhart had to find another way.But if we talk about building a large hotel, the cost would be too much for Lockhart. In addition, the resort hotel is really useless except for receiving tourists, so after thinking about it, it is more appropriate to use 
   Jack Pea
   .More importantly, this thing will not make the British Ministry of Magic lose face in front of foreigners.He could even imagine how surprised Muggles would be when they saw this-------------Chapter Dividing Line---------------When the Halloween holiday came, Hogwarts students came to Hogsmeade again with the joy of 
   finally the holiday
   .After seeing the changes in Hogsmeade, they couldn't believe their eyes.It has become a large construction site at this time, and many open spaces have been surrounded by a nameless construction company that has never heard of it, ready to start construction.Unlike the construction methods in the Muggle world, the wizarding world does not need to lay foundations and pour cement, and even pillars can be erected at will, just like Gringotts Bank and The Burrow, which can be ignored to some extent. Newtonian mechanics.Anyway, with the fixing spell and the permanent sticking spell, it doesn't matter if the house is built crookedly, so the engineers of this construction company don't need to learn mathematics, mechanics, and materials science, and they are much happier than the cave monks who study civil engineering.However, whenever the wizard who built the house is about to die, they have to send out a reminder to change someone to cast a new permanent spell on the house, otherwise once the person dies, the house he built will collapseSo you can see such a weird scene in the wizarding village—the doors, windows and other parts that the Muggle world can buy building materials are all built in a satisfactory manner, but the buildings themselves are crooked and out of place.After seeing the finished product, Lockhart thought about it and thought it would be good.If a Muggle comes to live here, he can tell the other party that this is an 
   art village
   , and many architectural artists have left their extraordinary designs hereAs we all know, as long as anything is combined with art, the style will immediately climb up.One piece of disgusting design, even if the eyes of the models are all hanging up and squinting, they can use art to excuse themselves, and they don’t know that they are insultingIt insults art or insults people's IQ and aesthetics.Although Lockhart felt that the final product of the wizard construction company was a bit of a mess, reminding him of those pigsties in the countryside that took half an hour to build with old bricks, but at least it was better than those 
   arts
    that only his own people boasted about. Much more, so still watchable.I hope those Muggles can cultivate their tolerance for different cultures.But Hogwarts students don't care about this, they just know that they are going to have fun.— Some senior students didn't want to come, but after hearing that Hogsmeade has new gadgets from the students who went back last time, they also rushed over this time during the holidays, wanting to see what the movie is about.A flea market has recently popped up within the four colleges, specializing in the sale of all kinds of gadgets. It has gradually become famous among the students, and they also sell Hogsmeade movie tickets.Those people sold tickets for the movie that will be played tonight to the common rooms of the major colleges almost a week in advance, saying that it was called 
   Terminator
   .As soon as the Muggle-born students heard the name, they began to strongly recommend it to their classmates, guaranteeing that it would definitely be a good film, which made even the pure-blood wizards feel a little itchy.The students came to Hogsmeade for 
   The Terminator
   , but the scene of the construction site in Hogsmeade made them smell unusual, and they vaguely felt that some changes might happen to Hogsmeade.Those little pureblood wizards of course knew what was going on, but they were also surprised by the Ministry of Magic's handwriting this time, which was so big that it didn't look like the Ministry of Magic that hadn't raised its salary in more than ten years.After seeing this scene, they also had a glimmer of expectation for next year's Triwizard Tournament.Wait.Hermione and Ron didn't even buy a movie ticket when they came to Hogsmeade, and went directly to the Screaming Shack without saying anything.In the office, Lockhart was teaching the principles of industrial economics to his only subordinate, Gemma Farley.Yesterday we have learned the laws and trends of industrial structure evolution. Today we are going to learn three kinds of industrial structure organization theories, which are mainly divided into Harvard School, Chicago School and New Austrian School. In order to get started quickly, I tend to start with Harvard School Let’s start with the analysis framework of the third division method…”Gemma listened very attentively, because what Lockhart said was based on Muggle university politics and economics textbooks, which was too advanced but refreshing knowledge for the wizarding world.Lockhart seemed too comfortable when talking about Hogsmeade's future industries, so she was curious, what theory was Lockhart planning for theseWhen she tentatively asked Lockhart these questions, she got a proposal from Lockhart to 
   take a class
   .To be honest, she really didn't expect it, because this kind of knowledge related to 
   ruling
    has always belonged to dragon slaying in the eyes of pure-blood families, and it is a secret that has been summed up by various families for a long time, but Lockhart But she said them so openly, which could not but confuse her.But Lockhart told her that this is 
   common sense
    among Muggles. Although only educated people will learn it, it is generally accessible to ordinary people.Just when Gemma was panicking, Lockhart chuckled again, saying that Gemma didn't have to worry about these things.
   Don't worry, modern and modern Muggle economic theories are basically serving the big consortia, so little progress has been made in this area. The wizarding world only needs a few talented people to study for a few months to make it happen. Understand the doorway, we are not far behind.
   Only then did Gemma feel relieved, and began to study hard, and enjoyed it, and the learning progress was very fast.In fact, it wasn't so much because she enjoyed the lessons as it was because she enjoyed being alone with Lockhart.It's a pity that Gemma's mathematics is really bad, so Lockhart can only tell her a conclusion in many theories, and she can't understand the process of derivation, calculation and modeling. This is a pity.It seems that it is necessary to tell Dumbledore to let him spread mathematics... no, at least arithmetic education should be popularized first, and we can no longer ask Mr. What is its face value.Just as Lockhart was telling Miss Farley about the goals of the industrial organization policy, there was a knock on the door.Gemma Farley opened the door with a displeased expression on her face. As she walked, she was still muttering to herself, wondering who is so blind to come to the Ministry of Magic to disturb the peace of others on weekends? If there is any special reason, she must have a fitBut when she opened the door, she found that there were actually two Gryffindor students outside the door, and they were arguing loudly.Gemma's face suddenly darkened.
   Oh, it's you. This is not a playground, it's not open to students, thank you... oh, it's you.
   Since she had also been to Lockhart's club at school, Gemma had vague memories of Ron and Hermione, but for obvious reasons, didn't pay much attention.Originally, Hermione was arguing with Ron, but when the door opened, sheSubconsciously wanted to salute Lockhart, but found that the door was opened by a woman she didn't know.
   Who are you? I'm looking for Gilderoy Lockhart,
    Hermione said to her.-------------Chapter Dividing Line---------------After hearing that Hermione was looking for Lockhart, Gemma glanced up and down at her several times.Especially when her eyes fell on Hermione's disheveled hair and those teeth that would look a little jagged when she opened her mouth, 7 Gemma showed a smile that she didn't know whether it was disdain or satisfaction.
   Mr. Lockhart is very busy. As you can see, Hogsmeade has a new atmosphere. The entire wizarding world is preparing for the upcoming grand show. I think he may not have time to listen to the growth of boys and girls. troubles,
    she said softly to Hermione.Hermione frowned slightly:    Although we don't know what 'Growing Pains' is, we do have something serious to ask. 
   
   Oh, what could that be?
    Gemma didn't have the slightest intention to move away.Ron watched the two of them say this one by one, and suddenly had a feeling that the two couldn't see themselves at all now.So he leaned down a little, looked in from under Gemma's arm that was on the door frame, and he saw Lockhart who was packing his books.
   Professor Lockhart!
    Ron yelled, 
   It's us!
   When Lockhart heard the familiar voice, he stopped packing his books.
   Oh, so it's you.
   He threw the book aside casually, and then shouted towards the door:    Miss Farley, they have an appointment with me, let them in.
   It was only then that Gemma noticed Ron's movements, or it was only then that she noticed that there was another person here.
   Didn't your mother educate you, isn't it rude to act like this?
    She was a little annoyed, 
   The education of the Prewett family doesn't seem to have affected you.
   Ron's red hair is so iconic that Gemma doesn't have to think about it to know that this is another Weasley.Seeing the conflict at his door, Lockhart was a little helpless.Even after so long after graduation, Slytherin and Gryffindor still seemed to be at odds - so Lockhart saw it.There is no way, one is his subordinate, the other is the 
   protagonist
    and future successor, Lockhart has no way to favor either side.
   Dobby, I have a visitor, please bring me some snacks and tea! If you don't have any candy, go and buy some.
   Lockhart called into the empty corner of the room, trying to smooth things over.From the point of view of the pure-blood family, a qualified house-elf should not make you aware of its existence unless you call it.Dobby has undoubtedly implemented this point.
    Even if he was eager to stand up and ask Harry Potter's friends about the recent situation of his spiritual support, but in the spirit of professionalism, he still held back and did not come out until Lockhart subpoena.
   Enough candy, master! We haven't tasted many of Mr. Ambrosio's new products yet!
    Dobby appeared with a plate.Lockhart pointed at a newly added 
   reception
    table in the office, motioning for the two to sit down.Although Gemma was annoyed at being interrupted by the two of them, she followed basic etiquette and found an excuse to go out while Lockhart was talking to the visitor.It's just that she remembered this grudge.Once she was out, Lockhart began his own questioning.
   Long time no see, Ron, Hermione, did you just say you came to see me for something?What happened recently?
   Lots of things, Professor. Ours, Harry's, and Hagrid's…
   Both Hermione and Ron looked a little sad, because what happened recently really made them feel a little bit exhausted.Hearing that there was something about Harry among them, the ears of the big black dog, which was dozing by the fireplace, suddenly perked up.
   Eat some candy to make yourself happy, and then talk about it one by one.
    Lockhart comforted them.Following Hermione and Ron's narration, Lockhart also knew some recent situations at Hogwarts.First of all, Harry, in the Quidditch match with Hufflepuff, the dementor suddenly broke into the field to 
   search
   , but he was caught off guard and fell off the broom and was slightly injured, while his Nimbus 2000 also flew to the Whomping Willow and was smashed to pieces by it.
   That's really bad, but are you all right?
   
   He's fine, it's just that Harry's been a little upset about losing his broom,
    said Hermione regretfully.
   Uh... I remember, the test product of Twig 94 sent by the Dueling Club should have been delivered?
    Lockhart asked again.
   It's delivered, but Harry doesn't like it. He said it has good defense for a duel, but its speed is too slow. Not to mention surpassing the opponent, it can't even catch up with the Snitch.
    Ron replied.
   Really? Too slow?
   Ron is very familiar with this:    It's true, the broom has handguards, pedals, bumpers, anti-skid particles, and there are also point brakes and anti-collision buffer springs inside. It is safe, but the overall shape It's all ruined, and the speed can't be improved, it may be equivalent to sweeping five-star or even three-star speed.
   
   So for the competition, he has to buy a new broom quickly.
    Lockhart nodded, 
   But the next competition should be next spring, and there is still plenty of time, so he can use the Christmas holiday to buy a broom. 
   After talking about Harry's recent situation, they talked about Hagrid again.After Lockhart persuaded Hagrid to be honest for a while, in the protection of magical creatures class in the lower grades, he taught them to learn to protect Flobberworm and Thorn in a regular manner.But then it might be because the teaching process was too easy, or it might be because of the outburst of nature, Hagrid finally got into trouble.He first introduced a very controversial animal to the fifth grade class, a quay that was only rated 4X by the Ministry of Magic, and asked the students to try to put a bridle on its head.Immediately afterwards, he did not know where to get a 5X-level big guy—a baby dragon of Tyrannosaurus rex, and used it to 
   open the eyes
    of the seventh gradersThe students gave mixed praise to his actions. Some people, such as Ravenclaw, thought it was a bit too much, but most of the Gryffindors expressed their appreciation, thinking that the new professor was not bad.After two times without incident, he finally overturned the car on the third time - when introducing a 3X-level hippogriff to the third grade class, a hippogriff named Buckbeak Attacked Draco Malfoy.Although the Gryffindor students were willing to testify that Malfoy was completely self-inflicted and refused to salute Buckbeak for his injury, it was obviously of no use.Lucius Malfoy brought the matter to the Ministry of Magic, and with his son'sThe Ministry of Magic was requested to execute the Hippogriff on the grounds of 
   injury
   .
   I only read 3 chapters of the book you gave me because I wanted to look for cases related to the punishment of animals and find the appropriate legal provisions...
    Hermione told Lockhart with some embarrassment, 
   But your homework 'I've done it, HarryBoth Ron and Ron now believed that the work of the house-elves deserved respect. 
   
   Really done? How did you do it?
    Lockhart was intrigued.
   
   
Chapter 96   
   
   
   I used the heuristic method, and I asked them to chat with the house elves while they were stealing food from the kitchen.
    Hermione looked very proud, 
   I knew they were not cold-blooded people.
   
   Very good!
    Lockhart praised, 
   You have taken the first step of exerting influence - changing the attitudes of others, and the next step is the second step, which is how to influence the judiciary.
   
   Shadow, affecting justice?
    Hermione was taken aback.
   Yes, aren't you trying to do this right now?
    Lockhart reminded them, 
   The law is very unfavorable to Buckbeak now, and Mr. Malfoy who pushed this matter is obviously determined to win...you can think about why .”
   Why else? Because they're all bastards!
    Ron said angrily, 
   I didn't expect them to take no responsibility for what happened last year, and now they're bold again.
   Although everyone knows who did the Chamber of Secrets, there are many people who want to save Malfoy, and some of these guarantors are not entirely paid, so he was only expelled from the school director in the end position.Lockhart has always had reservations about this kind of venting that is only emotional but irrational.
   Yes, but most of the time, villains do evil for profit, not for evil. So, why does Malfoy have to kill a Hippogriff? Only after you understand these things can you successfully help it get away with crimes.
    , if it goes on like this, it is very likely to be executed.
    Lockhart threatened them.…It’s not actually a scare, because according to their naive approach, the Ministry of Magic will definitely impose the death penalty on it in the end.-------------Chapter Dividing Line---------------Ron and Hermione were taken aback by Lockhart's conclusion.Although they don't feel much for Buckbeak per se, they like Hagrid very much, so it wouldn't make them feel much better if Hagrid would die of grief over it.
   You also think the Ministry of Magic would be inclined to... er... slaughter an innocent animal?
    Hermione said a little distressed.Seeing her like this, Lockhart shook his head again and again.Due to various reasons, the three members of the Iron Triangle, such as Percy, Malfoy, and Fudge, did not have a good impression of the Ministry of Magic, so that the three of them preferred to work alone during the Voldemort Rebellion rather than seek a political solution.Although the facts have also proved that the Ministry of Magic is really a sieve, but after Dumbledore's death, the Lions even directly gave up the weapon of politics, which made Lockhart feel somewhat reckless.Looking at Voldemort again, he started killing Mrs. Burns of the Wizengamot, gradually absorbed members who believed in his ideas, and finally pushed out the puppet minister.Although this skill is a little immature, but at least it is a skill. He purposefully eliminated and subdued the political forces of the Lion faction, and finally completed the achievement of 
   overpowering people with power
   .If it weren't for the effect of the protagonist's halo, when the vast number of Death Eaters came outside Hogwarts, the outcome would have already been decided—because the entire wizarding world has been coerced by this time.Fortunately, that guy still has the unavoidable threshold of 
   eternal life
   , otherwise the wizarding world would really have nothing to do with him.In fact, signs like the Iron Triangle began when they were in third grade—they would rather take risks by themselves, using time-turners and invisibility cloaks to repel dementors, saveSend out Sirius and Buckbeak, let them escape together, and refuse to work hard politically, so that this thing can't happen from the beginning.As the so-called third-rate doctors treat serious illnesses, second-rate doctors cure serious illnesses while they are minor ones, while first-rate doctors can reduce the probability of people getting sick.Lockhart didn't think he was first-rate, but at least second-rate could do it.
   Hermione, Ron, please think about it carefully. If you were the Ministry of Magic, what would you choose after Buckbeak happened?
    Lockhart tried to inspire her
   Of course it's to investigate the truth and give everyone justice.
    Ron didn't think about it.
   and then?
   
   What then?
    Ron asked stupidly.
   Then the Ministry of Magic will spend a lot of time and money investigating this matter, and the Malfoy family will cut off financial support to the Ministry of Magic, and then retaliate against those who promoted the investigation; Hagrid, who has not learned any lesson, continues to put Magical creatures outside the legal norms, students will continue to be injured in the future; legal experts on the 
   Daily Prophet
    accused those in power of losing justice, and if something happens to Buckbeak again in the future, these people will take this mishandling Attack...
    Lockhart pointed out the problem they hadn't thought of.
   Buckbeak isn't dangerous... er... I mean, if Hagrid was paying attention...The voices of Hermione and Ron became lower and lower, obviously their own confidence was not very sufficient.After all, Hippogriff is of course classified as 3X for a reason, and the person responsible for setting this standard is Master Newt Scamander.If even the 
   last druid of the present age
    thinks so, how can they say that it is not dangerous, even if it is indeed excusable.
   Look, you can't guarantee that it won't happen, that's the risk
    even if it doesn't happen. Lockhart sighed, 
   But let's think about it another way, if the Ministry of Magic chooses to kill Buckbeak, what will they gain or lose?
    
   Ron stopped talking, obviously asking him to think at this level was beyond his ability.Hermione tried to answer with something she understood:    I think, first of all, the Malfoy family will be satisfied with this and give the relevant personnel some monetary rewards, right?
   
   That's right, but it's very likely that it won't be money, but something else, and political deals are sometimes not so straightforward.
    Lockhart said approvingly, 
   Is there anything else?
   
   What else... Although killing this Hippogriff is a bit cruel, to the outside world, the Ministry of Magic has solved the problem neatly, and it is absolutely impossible for it to attack people again, once and for all, and pay The cost is only a big ax that can cut off the head.
   
   That's right, is there any more?
   
   And...
    Hermione turned paler as she spoke, obviously realizing something, 
   Ministry of Magic... Hogwarts...
   
   It seems that you are already aware of this problem.
    Lockhart continued, 
   Because Principal Dumbledore is trying to isolate the influence of the Ministry of Magic on the school, so if you kill this Hippogriff, Not only can it hit Hagrid, Dumbledore's confidant, but also show Dumbledore the 
   honesty
    of the Ministry of Magic: at the same time, it can also tell the entire wizarding world that Hogwarts is not a place outside the law, and it still needs to accept the Ministry of Magic. constraints.    — Ron, who seemed a little confused by the side, finally understood at this time:    Killing Buckbeak is of great benefit to the Ministry of Magic, but to protect it, the Ministry of Magic will suffer a great loss.
   
   That's the way it is.
    Lockhart shrugged, 
   In the end, it is just a 
   beast
    in the eyes of some people, and there is no psychological burden to kill it. It really hurts. 
   
   Malfoy wasn't hurt at all.
    Ron said angrily. 
   That guy was totally faking it. Madam Pomfrey healed him in just three seconds, and he was howling all the time.
   
   Yeah, so here comes the second question—why does Malfoy insist on killing Buckbeak?
    Lockhart continued to ask.
   He has a feud with Hagrid!
    cried Ron.
   Because Lucius Malfoy was expelled from the school board, he wants to take revenge, and at the same time show his strength and influence on Hogwarts.
    This was Hermione's thoughtful answer.Lockhart clapped his hands:    Very well, it seems that you finally figured out the keyT”
   But...justice?
    Hermione tried to struggle again.
   The so-called judicial regulations are all made by people. People need something to regulate politics, so they created judiciary. It can be said that justice is part of politics, but the general trend of politics will never give way to judicial regulations-I don't suggest you Wasting time looking up judicial cases, even with a Time-Turner, Hermione.When he said the last sentence, Lockhart meant a lot, because he knew that's what the original Hermione did—wasting her time doing useless things.Unexpectedly, after hearing his words, Hermione asked back curiously:    What is a Time Turner, Professor?
   Lockhart: ?!-------------Chapter Dividing Line---------------Lockhart suddenly found that he seemed to have inadvertently    changed
    some history.Because of the relationship between the condensed real name, Hermione followed Professor McGonagall's advice and gave up divination in the second grade.And with Lockhart teaching politics, she felt that the content taught in Muggle Studies was not only deeply biased, but also very shallow, so it wasn't a big deal.So when she was taking courses in the third grade, Hermione didn't take the two courses of Divination and Muggle Studies at all, and she got a normal class schedule because of this.Now that her courses are normal, the school naturally didn't do anything unnecessary, and then applied for a time converter for her. To be honest, it is too exaggerated to give her a causal law weapon just because a student can choose two more courses. .Knowing that Hermione didn't have a Time-Turner on hand, Lockhart suddenly realized something was wrong.It seems that it is no longer possible for these little friends to have a Gryffindor-style adventure like 
   the original
   , so if the death of the Hippogriff is to be avoided, what is probably needed is not a bold act activities.No, more importantly, Sirius Black...Thinking of this, Lockhart subconsciously glanced at the black dog by the fireplace.Originally, Sirius was listening carefully to what the two Harry's friends were saying. Seeing that Lockhart suddenly looked at him, he could only turn his head and stick out his tongue, pretending that he was looking around.This is really a problem - if this guy dies prematurely, or goes to prison again, then the personal growth path of the savior will lose a rare opportunity to improve.In the past few years, Harry has not had much experience with various emotions, which also makes him far from being a healthy person.The Weasley family provided him with friendship, love, and affection close to his mother, but he really lacked someone who could be called his father for him, let him experience what fatherly love isIf there is no Black, then Harry's personality is doomed to be incomplete, so it is hard to say whether he can keep himself from being possessed by Voldemort by virtue of his love for the godfather.hiss…It was clear that Lockhart had originally intended to stay aloof about Black's escape, but the fact that Hermione had inadvertently lost the Time-Turner made him feel the need to fix that gap.Otherwise, no matter how ambitious his plans for the future are, if he has that paranoid lunatic Voldemort on his head, then he can't even think about doing anything.
   About the hippogriff, I'll ask the Ministry for you to find out who else, besides Malfoy, was behind it. Also, I'll write to Newt Scar Mr Mander, tell him about Buckbeak,
    Lockhart said to Hermione.Hermione only thought the name sounded familiar, but Ron let out an exclamation.
   It's Mr. Scamander!
    he shouted joyfully to Hermione. 
   He can definitely save Buckbeak!
   Although Newt has not admitted that he captured Grindelwald at this time, those who survived the war in that era are legends to this day, and his name is naturally very famous to Ron.It was only after he reminded Hermione that she remembered this man - the compiler of their textbooks.
   So there's still hope?
    she asked hopefully.
   Yes, and no.
    Lockhart spread his hands.Hermione is obviously not used to Lockhart's bureaucratic form:    Uh... this isWhat's the meaning?
   I mean, Mr. Scamander's influence is great, but if he also joins in, the nature of the matter will change. You can think about the reasons for it.And even if he intercedes for Buckbeak, you can't take it as everything is over, you still have to find a way to solve the problems we just talked about. 
   Hermione sighed:    We know, it seems that this matter is more complicated than we thought.
   
   It doesn't matter. People will always encounter some problems on the way forward. If you can solve one of them, your ability will gradually improve. If you can't, then...it's a pity.
    Lockhart gave them a vaccination.Ron also seemed a little disappointed:    Before we came, Hermione told us that you would definitely have a solution... Oh, why did you bump into me?
   Hermione elbowed him in the weak spot and glared at him.
   I do have a solution, but you will definitely not do what I say, so it's a pity.
    Lockhart shrugged.—Hearing something interesting, Hermione was overjoyed immediately:    What way?
   
   It's very simple, go to Malfoy, beg him to do you a favor, and ask Dumbledore to find a way to let him loosen the restrictions on Lucius' funding of the Slytherin Alumni Association.
    Lockhart proposed a compromise.But both Ron and Hermione looked as if they saw something dirty.
   No, we won't beg Malfoy even if we die.
    Ron said firmly.In other words, the life of the hippogriff is still not that important to you.Lockhart thought.So he began to take back the words:    I knew you would not compromise... whenOf course, confrontation to the end is also a good choice, especially when it is predicted that the opponent will make progress. 
   
   He's going to make a big difference.
    Ron vowed.
   Then fight it...but remember what I just said, if you want to keep that hippogriff alive, you have to isolate your political enemies as much as possible while enlisting as many allies as possible, And to eliminate the worries of the Ministry of Magic, of course: it is best to let some key people benefit from supporting you.Although he has decided to help them, Lockhart still does not want to expressSo positive now.Although Dumbledore's purpose was to train the savior Harry Potter, Lockhart's purpose was to train Hermione to become the successor, so while the situation was still under control, he decided to use this incident as much as possible the impact.   Okay, it's useless to worry now. It's a holiday anyway. Have fun today... Let's all watch a movie together tonight. That 
   Terminator
    is really good, and the actor who played that big robot is also good Guy, looks very conscientious...
   Having said that, Lockhart sighed a little.It may also be because Arnold Schwarzenegger still has such a shred of ideals that he messed up California so much after he became governor.A person with ideals does not have enough brains, knowledge, and skills to implement the so-called ideals, so the harm he causes is likely to be greater than those indifferent guys.I hope that Hermione will not repeat the mistakes of Schwarzenegger in the future, at least not like the familyLike the Association for the Promotion of Pokémon Rights, with enthusiasm but no practical means-------------Chapter Dividing Line---------------Because they had to buy some things, Ron and Hermione didn't stay in the Shrieking Shack for long, and walked out quickly.Gemma Farley was drinking black tea on the window seat of the Three Broomsticks. When she saw them coming out, she put a Galleon on the table, and then walked out of the bar with an aura of not getting close to strangers.She brushed past Hermione without saying a word, and closed the door behind the Shrieking Shack.For some reason, Hermione always felt that this senior was not very friendly to her, and what's more, she also had an indescribable dislike for this person in her heartOf course, now she would only regard this antipathy as the 
   mortal rivalry
    between Gryffindor and Slytherin, and didn't think much about it.In the room, although Gemma tried her best to conceal her tone, she still couldn't help revealing her true thoughts.
   Do those little kids come and interrupt our work on weekends?
    she asked Lockhart.It was really difficult for Lockhart to answer this question, neither was it right to say 
   yes
   , nor was it right to say 
   no
   .
   They came to me for legal advice.
    Lockhart could only explain in this way first, 
   They are all people in the club anyway, and I occasionally need to make plans for my future.
   future?
   Gemma thought for a while, and then understood what Lockhart meant.For some reason, she restrained her temper a bit, but for the interview just nowAs a customer, she still has no good comments.
   My father often told me that a person's energy is limited, and it is impossible to contact everyone. You should always contact those who are beneficial and helpful to you.
    She said
   
   
Chapter 97   
   
   I figured I'd figure out which ones helped me, thanks.Lockhart kept this sentence in his heart and didn't say it.Although he hasn't been in contact for a long time, Lockhart has roughly figured out the temperament of this young lady-knowledgeable, arrogant, and self-centered.To be honest, none of this is surprising.When a person grows up smoothly and his requirements are basically met, it is strange that he is not self-centered.It has nothing to do with his/her upbringing, it just depends on his environment - when a person establishes rules and rulers in his heart, he needs to experience a lot of setbacks before he can establish them. For adults with rigorous thinking logic, It is so difficult to establish rules and standards in the heart, let alone children?Lockhart didn't intend to quarrel with such a person, and he didn't even want to try to change Gemma too much, because even according to the strictest standards, 
   self-centered
    is not completely derogatory.Self-centered people have two very annoying characteristics when interacting with others. The first is that they have almost no sense of teamwork. Everything only considers their own feelings and does not pay attention to what others are thinking; the second is 
   white-eyed wolf
   , Others' accommodation to him/her will not only not be appreciated by him/her, but will be taken for granted.Minpa has satisfied him 1000 times, as long as the 1001st time does not satisfy him a little, he will be full of resentment towards you.These two points are especially common among the 
   rich second generation
   , even if he/she is not a rich child in the usual sense.In fact, the more educated and capable the rich second generation, the more self-centeredmore serious,For this kind of person, you must not please him/her, and even mistakenly think that this is 
   emotional investment
   -this is a big joke.—Once you give in to him/her and accommodate him/her, he/she will not think that he/she owes you, but will automatically classify you as a 
   lower
    from the heart like a beast that can distinguish the degree of prey people
   .Once you are regarded as a 
   subordinate
    by this kind of person in your heart, the more you subdue him/her, the more he/she will get worse.Fortunately, as a bureaucrat, Lockhart has seen too many such people, and he knows that what this kind of people lack is not knowledge, but education.Or...domestication.Frankly speaking, the latter was more attractive to Lockhart.Because it takes a lot of energy and cost to educate this kind of person, but he doesn't have this leisure time, just like he can 
   educate
    Bellatrix, but he would rather destroy her.Conversely, self-centered people are a disaster to work with, but they are fine as subordinates.They are not afraid of the unknown, and they have strong independent thinking ability, which is very suitable for 
   singing black face
   ) or letting him take charge of new business.More importantly, although this kind of person doesn't know how to respect others, they are born to know what authority is) as long as he/she puts you in the position of the hunter, you will find that the servility in themselves is also the same. Less, or even more than the average person.People who are 
   little emperors
    at home often soften when they meet ruthless people outside, and they dare not resist at all;The rich second generation who scolded the anchor, scolded the Internet celebrity on the blog, and even scolded the stars who played with him because he was not happy with the game, but only dared to tease and laugh at himself with those 
   official second generation
    parties , huddled aside and drank wine, not daring to say a word;People who show their teeth and claws and boss around in front of their own epidemic prevention personnel, but humble themselves in front of foreigners, take the initiative to excuse their bad behavior, and even endure the unfair treatment that happened to them.——A person who is self-centered to the extreme is nothing more than a paper tiger who is fierce and soft-hearted.Although he has already judged himself as a nominal subordinate, when Gemma Farley told Lockhart that 
   some people are not worth contacting
   , Lockhart knew what he should do.Sorry, although I'm not a bad person, I also hate being passive!Looking at the changes in Hogsmeade, Hermione didn't feel much, but Ron felt very novel.Because the wizarding world is not a fast-growing place, so the changes have not been great, and such large-scale civil engineering operations are really rare.
   Poor Harry.
    Ron couldn't help but said, 
   He can't come to such a wonderful village...I'm going to find Colin Creevey later, ask him to take more pictures of the scenery here, and then take it back to give Look, Harry.
   Just then, there was a muffled sound behind him.
   No, thanks, I think I can see for myself.
   Hearing this familiar voice, Ron was really taken aback.He turned quickly, only to see a floating head - that of Harry Potter.
   Whoa!
    Ron yelled, 
   You've learned to Apparate?
   
   No, I just made a map, and there happened to be a secret passage on it.
    Harry was obviously very proud of scaring the two little friends.While he was moping about not being able to go to Hogsmeade, FredAnd George found him and gave him a Marauder's Map.Although he knew it was not good to do so, Harry still couldn't resist the temptation. He came to Honeydukes' cellar from the Hogsmeade secret passage indicated by the Marauder's Map.Hermione looked around, then lowered her voice, and called softly, 
   Harry, you're in danger like this!
   There was uncontrollable panic in her voice, and Harry could hear it.
   It's okay, no one will notice, I'm wearing an invisibility cloak.
    Harry said comforting Hermione as he took off the invisibility cloak from himself, 
   Don't talk about Filch and dementors, it's Sirius Bradley Ke is standing in front of me now, and he can't find me... oh... where did this dog come from?
   Looking at the big black dog that suddenly appeared in front of him and stared at him eagerly, Harry was a little puzzled.
   Professor Lockhart's dog.
    Hermione was also puzzled:    Why do animals like to cling to you? Snakes, cats, and this dog...
   
   Who knows, maybe I also have the talent of a druid.
    Harry said happily.He subconsciously ignored Aunt Marge's dog who liked to chase and bite him.Probably because of getting along with Hagrid's 
   fang
    for a long time, Harry gradually discovered that whether a dog is docile or not has little to do with its size.He crouched down and slowly approached the dog.
   What's the big guy's name?
    Harry asked.
   Bawkerball,
    Hermione replied, 
   It's a pretty good dog, and it doesn't usually growl when it sees people. Last time it was scratched by Crookshanks several times and it didn't resist.
   Hearing what she said, Harry felt relieved, and tentatively put his hand on the big black dog's head.The big black dog raised its head slightly, and let Harry touch it with its tongue sticking out, without any resistance.
   A good dog indeed,
    said Harry approvingly. 
   So, where do we go next?
   Just as Harry was saying this, a gust of cold wind hit, making Ron shiver.
   How about we go to the Three Broomsticks for butterbeer?
    suggested Ron.
   Listen to you.
    Harry patted the big black dog on the head, 
   Okay, Briquette, go back to your house and enjoy the fireplace, we're going to drink too... oh, someone is coming!
   Looking over the head of the big black dog, Harry vaguely saw several people wearing Ministry of Magic burqas walking towards them, quickly put the cloak of invisibility on them, and then disappeared into the air.Ron and Hermione hurriedly stood aside, pretending to be nonchalant, as if they had been teasing the dog just now.In the distance, a person wearing a burqa slowly approached and stopped in front of the screaming shack.
   Here it is, Batty... It seems that everything is fine, right?
    A man with a big belly looked up at the door of the house and said to the people next to him.
   Yes, Minister.
   The man next to him seemed a little more reserved, but his demeanor was still natural.He glanced at the signboard at the entrance of the Shrieking Shack, and the words 
   Hogsmeade Office of the Department of International Affairs and Cooperation of the Ministry of Magic
    were clearly visible on it.Ron recognized the two at a glance:    It's Minister of Magic Fudge and Mr. Crouch! They should be here to inspect.
   Harry didn't want to cause trouble, so he wrapped the Invisibility Cloak tighter, and followed Ron and Hermione to the bar quickly.
   Go away,
    he whispered to the big black dog, here it is.
   But Sirius is still inseparable.
   Don't let anyone find out-------------Chapter Dividing Line---------------After Hermione and Ron opened the door of the three broomsticks, they waited for a while, so that Harry behind them could enter together, but the cold wind they brought in when they opened the door suddenly caused several drinkers at the door to complain loudly.
   Close the door!
    they shouted to the three children.
   I'm sorry.
    Ron had to bear it for others, 
   This dog is going to get in too.
   Oh, isn't that Gildero's dog... why isn't he staying in the shed?
    The drinkers recognized him.
   Someone from the Ministry of Magic is here, maybe they think it's noisy?
    Ron didn't want to attract attention, so he changed the subject:    It's snowing in the sky, can the movie be played this afternoon.
   No problem.
    The drinker was indeed distracted, 
   Although the cinema has not been built yet, the first floor is already usable, just wear more clothes, even if each person is provided with a free cup of hot cocoa, because there is a temporary No fire yet.
   
   Thank you.
    Ron said satisfied.They found a place to sit, with Hermione covering Harry while Ron went to buy three butterbeers.I don't know if it was a psychological effect, but Harry felt that butter beer was simply the most delicious thing he had ever drunk. From today, there was another regular customer on his favorite drink list.It's just that he didn't enjoy it for a long time, and several people came in at the door of the bar.Cornelius Fudge, Minister of Magic, Barty Crouch, Director of International Cooperation, Gilderoy Lockhart and his assistant Gemma FarleyIf these members of the Ministry of Magic are not conspicuous, then in additionAfter Professor Flitwick, Professor McGonagall, and Rubeus Hagrid followed, this group of people was really eye-catching.
   Rosmerta!
    Lockhart greeted the front desk, 
   One table... No, let's put together three tables! My treat!
   
   Oh, bad.
    Hermione suddenly became nervous, 
   Professor Flitwick is here too, he has goblin blood and is very sensitive to magic power! Be careful, Harry.
    Harry quickly bent down, and turned the invisible The hood was tighter.The big black dog grinned as he watched the movements of the three little guys.Even though he knew that he might be exposed, when he saw the familiar scene of a 
   James' head
    coming out from under the invisibility cloak, he still couldn't hold back and followed.He knew that he couldn't recognize his godson right now, but he just couldn't help it, even if it was like now, it would be good to sit next to each other.In a trance, he felt as if he had returned to 15 years ago. At that time, it seemed that he, James Potter, Lupine and Peter were sitting around in front of the three broomsticks, and risked being discovered, secretly tasted Whiskey not for sale to childrenThat kind of life is really nostalgic, but it has gone with the wind... As soon as he was distracted, he didn't pay attention to what the people behind him were talking about.Lockhart wanted to order a glass of absinthe for the Minister, but Fudge said that it was cold today and he wanted something sweet, so he substituted gooseberry rum.Crouch didn't want to drink anything, but he also ordered a sweet drink in order to be social, and Hagrid even ordered a full 4 pints of mead, and Flitwick and Professor McGonagall also ordered their favorite drinks.When the wine was served, Fudge invited Rosmerta to sit down with him, and they began to chat.
   ...You know Hagrid, Minister.
    Lockhart used this sentence as a joke.The opening remarks, 
   No one thought that this kind of thing would happen. If he said that he hurt people on purpose, I am afraid that no one who has studied at Hogwarts would believe it.
   
   I know that too, but it's very difficult to handle.
   Fudge's tone of voice reminded Lockhart of his boss in his previous life, the way of his tone was exactly the same
   I'm under a lot of pressure now. If he hadn't raised that acromant spider before, maybe the situation would be much better now, but...if we don't do anything, we won't be able to explain it to the public.
   Ty, this is such a pain in the ass. ' agreed Lockhart.Before sitting down, Lockhart noticed Hermione and the others next to each other, and also noticed the somewhat abrupt empty seat between the big black dog and Ron.So he winked at Hermione and signaled for them to listen carefully, determined to teach these children another lesson.I have spent a lot of effort in preparing for this Triwizard Tournament, but the biggest problem is that we cannot reduce the cost of introducing some magical creatures. said Lockhart to Fudge, 
   such as the Egyptian sphinxes, the Romanian dragons, and others that need to be brought in . . . a lot of money, as Mr. Crouch can attest.
    
   
   A lot of money?
    asked Fudge, frowning.He thought it was Lockhart who was asking him for funding, but the Ministry of Magic's finances were really tight, and there might not be much budget to spare.
   Yeah, this is mainly because our magical creature breeding industry in Britain is really too backward, not only behind Greece and France, but also behind Egypt and Romania. It is difficult for me to find local dragon farms. If we have our own In this industry, the cost can be reduced by at least half.
    Lockhart complained.Fudge instinctively wanted to throw the blame away:    It's not my fault, the main reason is that Master Scamander opposes us breeding magical creatures for the purpose of experimentation, so everyone feels that it is unprofitable.
   Lockhart quickly winked at Professor McGonagall and Professor Flitwick:    No one blames you, minister. I'm just pointing out the current situation—there are too few talents in our field. Those who are outstanding in this area, such as Charlie Weasley, can only go abroad to work in Romania because they have no relationship with related industries in the country.
   Professor McGonagall finally understood what Lockhart meant:    He's right, minister, I've always wanted to teach students transfiguration with the feathers that the thunderbirds shed, but the Americans are so dark that they sell for a pound We have 70 Galleons, this is simply robbery!
   
   But we can't help it, because only they have breeding.
    Flitwick said in harmony, 
   There are also water snake gemstones suitable for students to practice spells, and the Americans have been stuck with us.
   
   Yes, Severus complained more than once that even if the production of African tree snake skin is limited, a can of salamander blood costs 2 Galleons, which is too much.
   
   Also, the dragon liver in Diagon Alley actually costs 16 Sickles an ounce... However, the humectant must be used for this, and we spend a lot of gold every year to buy it from Romania, the Association of Extraordinary Pharmacists That's why Mr Granger was so angry that he smashed things in public last time.
   Fudge looked at this and then at that, and finally realized that these people in front of him had something to do with him.
   So? Should we build our own farm?
    Fudge asked rhetorically.
   We need people if we want to build industry, but don't expect students to be able to take care of llamas when they go to school with only Flobber caterpillars. It's about the future of our Britain and we have to Tell the public about it in the newspaper.
   Lockhart looked serious, as if he was talking about a life-threatening matter.Fudge nodded subconsciously:    Yes, this is an obligation of our Ministry of Magic.But as soon as he said those words, he realized something again.
   Ha! I was almost bypassed by you guys!
    He laughed, 
   It's just a Hippogriff, why are you like this?
   P.So Maoke’s sensitive word system is getting weirder and weirder, 2k words have to be changed in more than a dozen places-------------Chapter Dividing Line---------------Hagrid's eyes widened suddenly—he hadn't figured out what McGonagall, Flitwick, and Lockhart had just said together until now.Lockhart laughed, 
   Of course not for such trivial matters. How can we use such trivial matters to bother you who are concerned about the country and the people? Those are just incidental: we are just thinking: Let the already popular You who support you are more than expected.”Of course Fudge knew that Lockhart was talking nonsense, and what he said later was the key, but he liked hearing it, so he convinced himself.It's like going to a beauty shop. People will always say that you are beautiful, but then change the subject and say that your skin is rough and dehydrated, and then recommend various physical therapy products to you. The reason is the same.   
   
Chapter 98   
   
   The same is true for the elderly who participate in 
   health training courses
   . They will say that your physical function, figure and weight are all standard, but there are some problems with the XX indicators, and then recommend a lot of 
   high-tech drugs
    to you.Another example is if you go to XX bathing center
    Even if you finish the consumption in 3 minutes, the conscientious waiter will say 
   husband, you are awesome
    when you are done... Cough cough, this does not count.In short, when someone speaks well of you, you must think about what his intentions are next. This is true in politics, and it is also true in life.Sure enough, Lockhart said the second half of the sentence:    If this matter can be resolved, the British people will thank you for your great contribution.
   
   The wizards of Britain...can they understand what we're doing? I doubt it,
    said Fudge.
   Could it be that the price of medicine in Diagon Alley has come down, and they don't understand 0
    Lockhartrhetorical question.Fudge thought so too, but he still had a problem to solve:    But, Malfoy... I mean, if some parents of students who are worried about education and their children's safety disagree with this matter, then what should we do?
    ?”Flitwick and McGonagall immediately turned their attention to Lockhart.
   Hey, Minister, raising dragons is a hugely expensive business, from venues to personnel to importing dragon eggs... My God, I think that the Ministry of Magic alone may not be able to do this. We have to Absorb private talents and private capital.
    Lockhart pretended to be very distressed.
   You mean...
    Fudge seemed to realize something.
   Do you think there is a family in Britain willing to take on this responsibility?
    Lockhart showed his cards.Speaking of which, if Fudge doesn't understand, then he has been Minister for 12 years in vain.
   Ha! I think someone would be happy to take on this responsibility.
    Fudge nodded.Lockhart, Flitwick, and Professor McGonagall all looked at each other and smiled.
   Then I'll leave it to you. Apart from you, no one in the Ministry of Magic can take on the heavy responsibility of contacting this matter.
    Lockhart complimented.Well, I think I need to talk to some people. Fudge finally let go) 
   Thinking about it carefully, the current students are becoming more and more squeamish.I remember when I was in school, we had to risk dealing with 4X magical creatures in order to rehearse a play, and Professor Kettleburn lost a hand for it. 
   Having said that, there is no need for everyone to continue talking.Although things have not yet happened, the overall situation is actually settled.So the few people changed the topic tacitly, and started talking about the changes in Hogsmeade, the movie at night, and the dementors who became honest.Hermione's eyes lit up when she heard it from behind:    So that's what happened... As expected of Professor Lockhart, to solve a problem, you can't just start with what you see on the surface, you have to analyze the logic behind it, Buckbeak is saved!
   Ron still looked a little confused:    What? What logic? Aren't they talking about the farm?
   
   You are simply stupider than Hagrid!
    Hermione rolled his eyes at him, 
   To build a breeding farm, they need more talents in this field. If they want talents, the protection of magical creatures class needs to be strengthened, Buckby. The misfortune Ke made this time is nothing.
   
   But Malfoy won't let it go, that guy...
    Ron curled his lips.
   That's why Professor Lockhart suggested that the Malfoy family should shut up with the dragon farm!
    Hermione said with a look of resentment.Ron hadn't figured it out yet, but Harry had figured something out.
   Is this politics, Hermione?
    Harry asked quietly.
   This is politics.
    Hermione said firmly, 
   It's not a simple power struggle, it's 
   administration
    and 
   governance
   . Those who can do this well can bring benefits to the entire wizarding world.
   Neither Harry nor Ron spoke, and it seemed that they should have listened more or less
   Now that I think about it, I thought it was too simple to promote the rights of house elves from the very beginning.
    Hermione was thoughtful. If someone benefits from it, naturally no one is willing to promote it. ...
   
   Stop talking about your 
   vomit (SPEW) 5.
    Ron complained, 
   Everyone else is annoyed by you. Harry and I went to the kitchen with you, but they... privately told you that they don't think 'vomit' is cool at all.
   He had expected Hermione to argue with him, but she hadn't.
   So...what on earth would make them feel that caring about house-elf rights isCool, and it gives them a benefit 0 or rather, what the hell do they care about. Hermione turned to Harry, as if to get an answer from him.
   I don't know,
    Harry replied honestly, 
   but the whole house is wondering what new broom I'm going to buy. We've already lost one Quidditch game, and we can't lose a second.
   
   Sweeping Stars, nothing to say.
   Red Dan Wood said that Nimbus 2001 is good, Bell suggested Comet 260, and Lee Jordan strongly recommended Cornflower, but Cedric said that he has been paying attention to Thunderbolt 5 for a long time,... Oh, sorry, Hermione, we digressed. 
   Harry apologized quickly.
   No.
    Hermione was surprisingly not angry. 
   Quidditch... I think I understand what you care about. So, what is the fastest broom?
   
   Firebolt.
    Harry and Ron said in unison.When the Firebolt was mentioned? Harry's voice was a little louder, causing the people sitting next to him to look over suspiciously, as if trying to figure out why two people here made three voicesHarry quickly closed his mouth and continued to pretend to be transparent.Fortunately, the other party just looked at it and didn't pay attention any more. It was just an auditory hallucination after drinking too much.
   Then why not buy a Firebolt?
    Hermione asked back.Ron answered the question for Harry:    It's too expensive, I heard that the iron parts are all made by goblins, but their output can't keep up...you know, anything as long as it is made by goblins, Then death is more expensive than death.
   
   That's right.
    Hermione paid attention, what would happen if the house-elf learned to forge broom parts? 
   
   They will be gathered and locked up by all the pure-blood families, and they will be enslaved to produce broom parts.
    Ron replied without thinking.Hermione choked:    Well, it looks like we'll have to think of other ways.-------------Chapter Dividing Line---------------While the three children were talking, the neglected big black dog had been lazily lying on the seat, remembering his past, and it was not until they talked about brooms that their attention returned to reality.Is the Firebolt... why are you so expensive?Blake thought to himself.Ever since Regulus Black died because of 
   weakness in energy needs
   , Sirius Black has become the sole heir of the Black family, regardless of whether the members of the Black family are willing or not.Bellatrix, Narcissa, and Andromeda are also from the Black family, but they all have to change their surnames in the end. Andromeda even married the Muggle Tonks, so they are all being called After a small amount of property is distributed, the inheritance right is automatically cancelled.In other words, as the 
   forever pure
    branch of the 
   sacred 28 pure blood
   , the wealth they have accumulated over thousands of years now all belong to Sirius Black.Although Sirius has no concept of his family's financial resources, he has never been short of money even when he ran away from home since he was a child, so the words 
   I have no money
    and 
   a can't afford it
    are in his dictionary. nonexistent.As long as you can buy it, what is money?He had already made up his mind to give Harry a Firebolt.But there are two questions - first, whether Gringotts will allow him to withdraw money; second, whether to mark his real name as a gift.But he didn't have to think about this problem any longer, because it was solved by the group of people next to him——
   What a filthy stinking traitor!
    Hagrid yelled.The whole Three Broomsticks were silenced by Hagrid's loud voice, as if they didn't understand what this man was going crazy again.If you let me see that bastard Blake before Peter, I will tear him to pieces with my own hands! ' shouted Hagrid.Sirius:? !He found that when he was thinking, he seemed to have missed something inadvertently.He didn't hear it, but that didn't mean Harry, Hermione and Ron didn't hear it either.After Fudge and the others had finished chatting about the business, the topic naturally turned to tonight's movie, the changes in Hogsmeade, and Black's attack.Rosmerta complained a lot about the Ministry of Magic's actions-because the dementors came to search every other day, the residents of Hogsmeade were not in the mood to drink, and the tourists from outside disappeared, and her business was greatly affected.She wanted the Ministry of Magic to get rid of the dementors, but Fudge didn't dare to make this decision, because if something happened, his decision to remove the dementors would definitely be criticized.On the contrary, if he does not withdraw, even if Black really attacked Harry, he will not be held responsible, because he    did his duty and sent the guards
   Compared with his own political future, the 
   slight inconvenience
    of people's lives is not a big problem in his opinion.But he couldn't say this clearly, so he had to talk about him, and began to exaggerate Sirius Black's cruelty, tyranny, and 
   horror plan
   In his narrative, Blake betrayed the Potters, and then appeared in Godric's Hollow, waiting for 
   his master
    to kill the Potters, but finally heard the 
   bad news
    that the master was dead, and then began escape.As for the reason why he was caught, it was because Peter Pettigrew found him, and then he blew up Peter to death, and then the Ministry of Magic used 
   twenty Aurors
    troopsSurrounded, seized and imprisoned.
   ...we have reason to believe that Black is working on a grand plan, perhaps to kill Potter, and then reconvene the Death Eaters to bring his master back to life... Besides, isn't Gilderoy here too? He can scare those dementors.
   In order to frighten Rosmerta, Fudge deliberately played up Black's ferocity and terror, as alarmist as he could be, and finally let her stop talking about removing the dementors.Lockhart saw it clearly, but he had no intention of stopping it.They just asked the minister to let Hagrid and Buckbeak go, so they couldn't just jump out and hit the minister in the face right away?In addition, everyone came out to drink, so there is no need to be serious about such trivial matters.They don't care, but the big black dog lying on the side was stunned when he heard it-what the hell is this me?I have done such a thing?I also want to summon Death Eaters and resurrect the Dark Lord?Are you sick?Although he had already guessed that after he was arrested voluntarily, the world would have some misunderstandings about him, but he didn't expect this misunderstanding to be so big.It’s fine if I’m still in prison, misunderstanding or not has nothing to do with me, but if my godson is like them, he thinks that he betrayed his parents.###But these three children are so smart, they must be able to see the contradiction in Fudge's statement?He glanced to his left hopefully, but saw nothing, but half a glass of butterbeer was suddenly splashed on the floor, and then an empty glass appeared on the table out of nowhere.
   Let's go.
    came Harry's suppressed voice.It could be heard that he was trying his best to suppress his anger.It's over, said Sirius Xingxin.Ron and Hermione hurriedly followed, took cover, opened the door of the bar for Harry, and then rushed in the direction of Honeyduke with four footprints.
   Send Harry into the secret passage, and then we'll be right back,
    Hermione said to Ron.Ron really wanted to say that he hadn't seen the movie called 
   Terminator
    yet, and he had already bought two tickets, so he couldn't waste those 6 silver Sickles.But looking at Hermione's expression, she was obviously not discussing with herself, so Ron had to obey after muttering twice.Fudge, Crouch and the others obviously didn't care about the departure of the children beside them, they were still chatting happily under the influence of alcohol.Although Fudge still didn't promise to spare Buckbeak, but judging from today's situation, Fudge's attitude is obviously inclined to let this matter go.Hagrid saw the hope, and he was in a very happy mood, so after drinking a barrel of mead, he stood up comfortably and said goodbye to everyone, and McGonagall and Professor Flitwick also had to make corrections. The student offered to leave on the grounds of homework.After the Hogwarts professors left, only a few colleagues from the Ministry of Magic were left on the scene.In front of his subordinates, Fudge no longer had to maintain his demeanor, so he let himself go completely and started talking and laughing loudly.Seeing the dirty jokes in Fudge's mouth, the speed of the car gradually increased to [-] mph, and his mood became crazy. Gemma Farley, who was accompanying him, couldn't help frowning.Middle-aged men can be coquettish, but not greasy; you can be violent and melancholy, but you can't lose control.Someone is still better - he has always maintained good self-control and demeanor, and even remembered to change his wine for lemonade while others were not paying attention.Chapter 210 Unexpected EntrySeeing that the atmosphere was already super hot, Lockhart seized no opportunity to encourage those present to buy two houses in Hogsmeade as soon as possible.
   I believe you have also seen that after the Triwizard Tournament is over and the resort facilities and intermediate market are built here, the land price will definitely soar.
    Lockhart tried his best to sell to everyone, 
   Just buy two in advance If you build a house on a piece of land, you don’t have to do anything while sitting, and your assets will double in two years.”If he said this three months ago, I am afraid that Fudge and Crouch would just laugh and go on.But just before they came to the Shrieking Shack for an unannounced visit, they had already visited the built facilities.And the speed of the construction progress can be said to be far beyond their imagination. If Lockhart says such a thing at this time, they can no longer take it lightly.
   After the Triwizard Tournament, will more tourists come here?
    Fudge couldn't help asking.
   It depends on whether you are willing or not.
    Lockhart laughed very hard,
   In fact, apart from the resort, I also want to build an 
   intermediate trade market
    in Hogsmeade, which is positioned to replace the export trade market in Knockturn Alley, and regularly allows some high-level Muggles to come in and trade , use the profits to offset the gold we consume in importing industrial products from Muggles, and the Ministry of Magic can also draw taxes from it to fill its finances... Of course, this is just an idea now, and discussions have not yet begun. 
   Fudge struggled to move his mind, as if trying to figure out the pros and cons of Lockhart's idea.But under the influence of alcohol, he shook his dizzy mind, and finally gave up.
   Forget it, we won't talk about business affairs today, and we'll think about it later. But I want to discuss with my wife and family about the house you mentioned, and see how much money I can get... To be honest, Jide Luo, your movements are really too fast.
   
   I didn't expect it to be so fast, so I asked you to come and inspect it quickly.
    Lockhart said half apologetically, half proudly, 
   You'd better move quickly, after so many major constructions at one time, it is estimated that many families You will find that the price of land here will increase.
   Who said it wasn't? Otherwise, why did we keep it secret in the first place.
    Fudge slipped his mouth inadvertently.^^ Just know.Lockhart curled his lips inwardly.It is obvious that the holding of the Triwizard Tournament should be publicized earlier, so that the Ministry of Magic can maximize commercial benefits from it, but the senior officials of the Ministry of Magic chose to organize it in secret. It is estimated that some people in the Ministry of Magic want to obtain some benefits through poor information. For example, buying some land or shares in related industries in advance.In terms of eating, the people from the Ministry of Magic and their colleagues in the previous life are simply a template.Lockhart thought.Then Lockhart turned to Mr. Crouch again:    So what do you mean?
   While everyone was talking, Barty Crouch on the side seemed very quiet, barely speaking, until Lockhart asked him, he seemed to be awakened by something, and moved a bit.Some people talk a lot after drinking, such as FudgeAnd there is another kind of person who becomes extremely quiet after drinking alcohol, and looks like an autistic person in a mental hospital, such as the current Barty Crouch.
   The Crouch family has a vacant lot and a country house here, I just need to find someone to expand it.
    He didn't seem very enthusiastic.
   Aren't you going to buy new land?
    Lockhart asked, 
   If you leave it for a few more decades...
   Let's leave it for another few decades, who can leave these things to?
   I don't know if it's because of telling the truth after drinking, but Crouch inadvertently spoke the truth.Fudge and Lockhart were silent for a moment.Although Crouch and Fudge are political enemies, but also as a pure-blood wizard, Fudge feels that he can understand Crouch's feelings 
   even if the Fudge family is not sacred 28
   
   
Chapter 99   
   
   why?The son is gone!For a family, the most important thing is inheritance, and the so-called inheritance, to put it bluntly, is just a child.In the current holy 28 pure blood, the Gaunt family is gone, and the Prewett family was killed by the Death Eaters. These two families are definitely over.As for the Death Eaters such as the Black family and the Lestrange family, although they have not been broken, the sole heir is either imprisoned for life in Azkaban, or sentenced to death if caught. It can be said that the time to give birth is similar to whether it is broken or not.With Barty Crouch Jr. 
   dead
    and Mr. Crouch's wife also passing away, in a few decades after Barty Crouch dies, the Crouch family will be completely broken.No matter how much money he saves, it will be easier for outsiders in the future.In Fudge's view, Crouch can only choose to adopt one, there is no other way.It was precisely because they knew that Crouch's knot could not be resolved, so neither of the other two chose to sprinkle salt on his wound at this time.Others don't know, but Lockhart knows very well that his boss still locked his son in his home and imprisoned him with the Imperius Curse. It's probably too early to say desperate words.After everyone was silent for a while, Mr. Crouch finally spoke again:    Gidero, I have something to trouble you.
    He seemed a little seriousLockhart was a little surprised, because he had never seen Crouch ask for help:    Please tell me.
   
   You're going to make Hogsmeade a resort for everyone—even Muggles, to recuperate?
    Crouch asked.
   Yes, I do have this idea. We can't just sit back and watch these built facilities go to waste, can we?
    Lockhart thought he wanted to question his own ideas.
   Why don't you invite a group of people to try out Rukke before introducing Muggles?
    Crouch suddenly had an idea.
   How to say?
   
   You know, there are some old guys like me in the Ministry of Magic. Most of us are about to retire, but our hometowns are scattered all over the UK. It's very troublesome to get together. I want to invite you during the off-season. Let's all come to Hogsmeade to live for a while, get together by the way, and strive to form a routine...
   Lockhart had no idea why Crouch seemed a little hesitant when he said this, because it seemed to him a perfectly normal request.
   Of course, it's an honor.
    Lockhart glanced at Fudge next to him, 
   I think I should respect the old man who is about to retire.
   Hearing that Crouch seemed to want to retire, the joy on Fudge's face was almost uncontrollable.If Crouch, the biggest political opponent, chooses to retire at this time, what opponents does he have in the Ministry of Magic?
   That's right. Gilderoy, we should not only do things for money, but occasionally we should also think about how to comfort those who have worked for the wizarding world all their lives.
    Fudge said hastily.In his view, Crouch was 
   asking for a price
    from himself—as long as Fudge could give him a satisfactory retirement package, then he would be willing to step back and let Fudge monopolize power in the Ministry of Magic.What is there not to agree to?Fudge now only hopes to quickly meet Crouch's asking price, and then take advantage of the honor of hosting the World Cup and the Triwizard Tournament to have the Ministry of Magic change its surname to Fudge in a real sense from top to bottom.Lockhart pretended to hesitate for a moment:    What do you mean? Build a villa for retired civil servants in Hogsmeade? But if this is the case, will people complain that we are wasting tax money?
   
   Not at all, how could this be...
   Fudge was about to continue talking, but Crouch himself declined:    There is no needYes, we'll buy the land and the house ourselves, I just need a clean place... I hope the Ministry of Magic will leave an open space when planning. 
   
   No problem.
    Fudge Lockhart made up his mind.Seeing Crouch looking at him again, Lockhart also nodded:    You can choose the open space behind the Pig's Head Bar.
   
   Thanks, I'll most likely move here soon.
    What Crouch said surprised Lockhart a little.
   Come here recently?
   Crouch replied blankly:    Yes, the fresh air in Hogsmeade will help me. I will retire after the Triwizard Tournament is over.
   Lockhart became suspicious. Mr. Crouch is not yet sixty this year, which is the golden age for a politician, but he is going to retire?
   Do you want to get a VIP card for you in the public bath?
    he asked.
   No need.
    Crouch rejected Lockhart's 
   kindness
   , 
   I never show my body in public.
   Lockhart got it, got it all.P.So Sunday py time
   What happened to the dragon?Strategies for being single for a long time
   Introduction: Because of being too strong, the brave Xilin was single for 26 years, perhaps because she had been single for too long, and the evil dragon entrenched on the green hill became more beautiful in her eyes.In order not to die alone and widowed, Xilin decided to pretend to lose to the evil dragon entrenched on the green hill, and give the dragon a chance to be her man.If the dragon doesn't follow...hum.o...hit him until he succumbs oo...Reborn as a black dragon, Caesar had two dreams.1: Marry Cuihua who lives on the next mountain as his wife. (Juihua is a frost dragon).2: Before [-] years old, let Cuihua on the top of the next mountain give birth to two lovely baby dragons.One day, when Caesar was going to confess his love to Cuihua on the next hill, a woman holding a big sword blocked his way.   Dragon, I want you to be my man!
   Black Dragon Caesar:? (.)Chapter 210 Don't Play War MoviesAfter the staff of the Ministry of Magic finished talking about their business, they entered the most relaxing moment for a man - bragging time.During this time, all men are gods who point out the world, and they dare not speak of everything in the world.Because Gemma Farley was also from a pure-blooded family, they didn't avoid her when talking.She also knew that Lockhart's arrangement for her to sit in was a reminder to her that her father should also prepare early, and she would accept it.But Lockhart didn't know that the pure-blood family had started buying Hogsmeade's land and houses very early on. Gemma said that    half of the pure-blood family bought shares.
   just talkingOtherwise, after confirming Lockhart's 
   knowledge
   , how could it be so simple when he wanted to buy some vacant land?The average person would spend more than half a year just arguing with the residents.In this way, without Lockhart's knowledge, Gemma did him a big favor, so she naturally wanted to see if her choice was right.They all say the truth after drinking, and the quality that a person shows after drinking too much is also the purpose of her investigation.She was very satisfied with the result.The three men present were not in the mood to pay attention to the little thoughts of the only lady present, and they were still talking.Even in the small talk, Lockhart did not forget his role, and there was no shortage of compliments and teasing him. Even Crouch, who didn't like talking very much, was attracted by him to participate in two topics. It's like being born to do thisWhite spoon - like.Previously, Gemma did not believe that there were so-called 
   perfect
    people in this world, but now she began to doubt it.Seeing that it was getting late, Lockhart invited the minister to go to the movies with Crouch, and Bipage went to the bathtub to take a bath at night, so as to end this perfect day.His motion was passed right away—because neither Fudge nor Crouch had seen the so-called movie before.But when they saw the Terminator played by Schwarzenegger in the movie, they were still taken aback by the special effects of the Muggle movie.Killer robots from the future, exploding trucks, exciting gun battles and various modern killers... These things undoubtedly caused a great shock to the wizard.
   Oh... will Muggles also master the ability to travel through time in the future?
    Fudge asked dumbfounded.Maybe. 
   Lockhart was vague.It's good to scare wizards once in a while, at least to make them less contemptuous of Muggles, he thought.Sure enough, Fudge sobered up quite a bit:    If that's the case, it's still very... troublesome, oh-oh God, why can a tin can cause such a big explosion?
   
   It's gunpowder.
    Lockhart answered him immediately.
   You mean the thing that mixes charcoal, sulfur and soil from the toilet?
    Fudge didn't believe it. 
   Our Spell Experiment Committee has tried it a long time ago, and that thing doesn't have much power.
   
   ...they've changed the recipe a long time ago,
    Lockhart explained, 
   
   Muggles, like wizards, have always been creative in killing their own kind. 
   
   Unbelievable, no wonder Grindelwald was so...
    Fudge sighed again and again.Lockhart looked around and found that the wizards present all tended to be a little frightened.—At the beginning, when the governor on the screen exposed his upper body and said to the camera, 
   Take off your clothes and give me
   , the witches present made bursts of uncontrollable satisfaction.But when he showed the metallic luster on his face, motor oil came out from his limbs, and then he carried all kinds of black iron pipes and set them on fire, blasting people to pieces, the witches couldn’t laugh anymore—because it was really horrible.And the car he took when chasing and killing the protagonist, and the voice change when he deceived the heroine also left a very deep impression on the wizards—this is undoubtedly a small 
   spoiler
    for Muggle warfare technologySo much so that at the end of the film, Lockhart changed his previous thinking and had to repeatedly declare that it was a 
   science fiction
    movie, and that 
   Terminator
    was actually a normal actor with makeup on, and except for those Firearms, vehicles, 
   Terminator T-800
    and travel between inches are all technologies that Muggles predict they will have in the future.
   …that is, the technologies don't exist yet, and most likely won't happen,
    Lockhart clarified.But these words did not bring much comfort to the wizards, even in addition to Lockhart, there are some young wizards from Muggle families who are also explaining to their companions what a 
   science fiction movie
    is.
   That is to say, all those things called 
   machine guns
    are real? 
    Someone asked back immediately.o Unfortunately, yes. ' Lockhart shrugged.
   Where's the big tube on the shoulder that shoots out rockets?
   
   It's true, too.
   
   Doesn't that mean that when we don't use the protective spell, there will always be MuggleCan you carry one of those things and blow our village to pieces? 
   o Probably not, destroying us is of no benefit to them, besides, the Ministry of Magic will ensure everyone's safety, and we are now 
   secret
    from Muggles.
    Lockhart had to explain again.The person who asked the question rolled his eyes, and suddenly thought of another question:    Those Muggle weapons... I saw them in the movie, but they were actually sold in stores, right? How much are they?
   ■Lockhart was amazed at this man's ability to draw inferences from one instance to another:    A machine gun that can fire costs about a thousand dollars, which is less than 100 Galleons.
   
   Less than 100 Galleons?
   
   Yes, if you pay in cash, there should be free bullets.
   Now the wizard couldn't calm down even more:    Do Muggles have so many guns?
   Lockhart tilted his head slightly, looking a little confused: How should I say it?In a few days, I will show you a Muggle war movie, so that you can see the war between Muggles...   
   Stop!
    Fudge and Crouch shouted hastily.Fudge dragged Lockhart away from the screen, his voice was short and full of panic:    You are crazy, how can you play that kind of thing? Grindelwald used this to scare people all over Europe!
   Lockhart really wants to say that I think this is very good, at least it can make the wizards realize how huge the gap in war potential between the two sides is, and save people from thinking that they can control the paralysis with tricks such as the Imperius Curse and Apparition. Melon World.To put it bluntly, even if those people in Downing Street are dead, this state machine can still allow Muggles to win this war, not to mention that there are a large number of Muggle-born wizards in the wizarding world, and their position is also very problematic, Lockhart I will never allow them to hurt my family.That's why Voldemort came up with the idea of ​​
   to get rid of the outside world first, get rid of the inside first
   , to get all the Muggles out first.During this period, he only dared to do things such as blowing up two bridges to 
   make sense
    to the Muggles, just to give an explanation to the pure-blood wizards.Because he knew that if the 
   Mudbloods
    were to inform the Muggles of the changes in the wizarding world before the new order was established, he would only lose.But after looking at Fudge's face, Lockhart decided it was better not to go against the other party's wishes.
   Okay Minister, let's do it.
    Lockhart agreed, 
   No war moviesNo, we should review every movie in the future and play it after passing the test. If necessary, we should cut some more...
   It seems that Fudge has finally realized the extent of the cheating of the movie-it has a great effect on the cultural level.
   Let's go and take a shower.
    Crouch came over to smooth things over.Chapter 210 Dumbledore's AchievementsIn the few days after Fudge and the others visited Hogsmeade, both Hogwarts and Hogsmeade appeared to be calm and nothing major happened.Except for the portrait at the entrance to the Gryffindor lounge—Sir Cadogan's frequent password changes made everyone a little annoyed.
   I really can't take it anymore.
    Ron complained, 
   Blake is not stupid. He knows that he will not enter the castle in the same way next time after he has alarmed the professors. That guy Cadogan is just adding to the trouble.
    .”Of course there was a reason why Ron was complaining, because he forgot the password again- Changing the password more than a dozen times in a week, who can bear it.
   You can learn from me, write down the password on paper, and then just read it before entering the lounge.
    Neville Longbottom suggested to them.
   Yeah, but where's the paper you wrote the password on?
    Ron asked back.Neville felt all over his body, and then let out a groan.
   Oops, I forgot the password paper in the dormitory.
   The few people waiting outside the door were suddenly speechless.
   
   
Chapter 100   
   
   Lockhart did not expect that his boss would act so vigorously.Just two days after he told himself that he wanted to retire in Hogsmeade, Crouch remodeled his country house behind the Pig's Head Bar at the speed of light.Although he hasn't moved here yet, Winky, the house elf of the Crouch family, has come here many times to renovate the house and grow some vegetables and fruits outside the house.Lockhart found that Dobby, the house-elf in his family, seemed to have a little feeling for this house-elf named Winky, but because Winky kept saying, 
   Without the permission of the master, our house-elf should not be private.
    Falling in love
   , so I haven't been able to get on the right track.But Lockhart felt that if Dobby hadn't given her the two socks, they might still be good friends now.
   Oh, if only she were a free house-elf,
    Dobby said regretfully to Lockhart, 
   I'll just have to go over and help her a lot now, and grow some vegetables while she's away. 
   Lockhart was noncommittal.He now has a bad feeling—that is, his boss is likely to secretly send his son here in the near future to avoid the visit of his colleagues in London.Because this house elf named Shining must never stay away from 
   her young master
    Bai Jiu, and this can be seen from the fact that she went to and from the country house many times, but each time she stayed for less than 20 minutes.Crouch has complained many times that he has a stupid witch named Bertha Jorkins: her favorite thing is to meddle in her own business, and she likes to look around every time she visits her colleagues' homes.In addition to this stupid witch, because of Crouch's high position and authority, there are quite a few people who come to his house to discuss matters every day. If this continues, his son is likely to be exposed.Relatively speaking, Hogsmeade is much safer, because there are not many people who know him here, and because there are tourists and construction workers here, the villagers will not be surprised to see a stranger occasionally , it is reasonable for Crouch to choose this place.If this is the case, shouldn't he make a move?Lockhart was in trouble.Forget it, this year, I should focus on arranging Black's affairs first, and I will continue to build Hogsmeade. At worst, it will be the same before the start of the World Cup.Lockhart consoled himself.Because apparation is unreliable for international travel, even for a person like Dumbledore, it took him half a month to come back after going to FranceSeeing the principal in his office again, Lockhart immediately greeted him enthusiastically.   I can tell from your expression that this time you must have returned with a lot of rewards.
    Lockhart graciously helped Dumbledore take off his robe, 
   To be honest, I was always worried that Black would make trouble during your absence. , I didn't expect him to be so honest.
   
   I left Fox at Hogwarts, and told Minerva that she can summon it in times of crisis, and nothing will happen.
    Dumbledore looked very calm.
   Phoenix stayed, how did you go to France?
    Lockhart was a little confused, 
   Could it be by broom? Or a flying carpet?
   Although there is an express train to Europe on the 7% platform of King's Cross Station, as far as Lockhart knows, it can only go to some European wizarding villages.If he wanted to get to Paris, Dumbledore had to use other means of transportation.But in any case, Lockhart couldn't imagine Dumbledore riding a broom in his mind.
   Broom? Why should I ride a broom?
    Dumbledore also looked a little puzzled
   But you didn't bring Fox... Could it be that you took a flying carpet?
    Lockhart was puzzled.Only then did Dumbledore understand what Lockhart was talking about.
   No... Gilderoy, I found out for the first time today that you also have inertial thinking.
    Dumbledore showed an old child's smile, 
   You are too focused on thinking about certain possibilities, so that you miss the conventional method.
   
   The usual way?
   
   Yeah, I actually flew there, London Heathrow Airport, British Airways, Boeing 747.
    Dumbledore revealed the mystery.Lockhart was really choking:    What, the plane? I thought...
   
   Great, it seems that even among the best wizards of the 60s, they still occasionally make some ridiculous little mistakes.
    Dumbledore looked relaxed, 
   But I want to compare how I got there.
    Paris, you should care more about the promises I got in Paris.
   
   of course.
   Lockhart brought Dumbledore tea and sat down across from him.
   As much as I would love to play the 'one good news and one bad news' game, unfortunately all I brought was good news. Dumbledore took a sip of tea, 
   It's just that it might be a little troublesome for you.
    
   
   What's the trouble?
   Lockhart was relieved when he heard 
   it's all good news
   , but then he was hooked by Dumbledore's trick.
   The first is the African Wizarding Association. They allow your investment in Nigeria in principle and are willing to provide security services for you, but they also have one requirement.
   
   any request?
   
   He asked us to persuade the Muggle chiefs in Britain to put pressure on a country in Africa—Gambia.
    Dumbledore said.
   Chief?
    Lockhart was baffled, 
   Gambia did it againWhat's so weird? 
   He didn't expect that the small country that had accomplished the ultimate task of 
   challenging the five permanent members of the United Nations
    by itself would actually become a monster and even make it into the wizarding world.Dumbledore answered his question:    Because the President of Gambia, Jammeh, recently announced that he will launch a nationwide witch hunt.
   Lockhart: ...   President Jammeh's aunt died of a mysterious disease, and he thought it was a curse cast by a witch in Gambia, so he hunted down a thousand women across the country and forced them to admit that they were witches.
   Lockhart: Jiong   More importantly, there are actually two witches among the more than 1000 women, and they are related to a certain professor at the Waggadu Wizarding School, so... I don't know if you can do it.
    Deng asked Bullido.Lockhart suddenly felt that something was wrong in this world:    They are witches, how could witches be caught?
   At the end of the 0th century, there is actually a president of a modern country who believes in witches, and has carried out a campaign of hunting and persecuting witches just like the medieval magic sticks—this is really magical.
   Because they are not good at learning, and few of the spells they learn can be used to fight and escape, and their children are there, so they can't escape, so...
    Dumbledore made a regretful expression.
   I understand, it's a trivial matter.
    Lockhart shook his head helplessly:    Sponsoring two NGs to lobby members of parliament, and then asking them to publicly condemn Gambia's inhumane behavior and publicize it in newspapers...it's not a difficult task. 
   Well written, Babajid told me that as long as we can do this, he will protect the security of our British investment in Africa. 
   
   What a reassuring promise.
    Lockhart shrugged, sarcasticallyHaving said that, he doesn't believe that an organization that can't even keep its own witch can protect oil, 
   Then what about the second thing?
   
   The second thing is for the French... About this, I want to consult you first, what is a heu you'?
   The confusion on Dumbledore's face was palpable.P.So Gambia, the most powerful country on earth, really launched a witch hunt in 1994, 2333Chapter 210 The third is also planning for a rainy dayThe word 
   uranium
    would not have surprised Lockhart to hear it from any Muggle, but it would have surprised Lockhart when it came from the mouth of a wizard, even Britain's most prestigious wizard.
   I don't know if you've heard of...
    Nuclear Power Plant (NuclemjPI刖t)7?
    Lockhart asked.Dumbledore shook his head: Yes, but I've heard of    Nuclear Nuclei
   ', which is what Gellert used when he played up the Muggle threat theory. 
   
   Then it's easy to explain.
    Lockhart told him, 
   
   Uranium
    is the raw material that Muggles use to make atomic bombs, and it is also the fuel that provides nuclear power generation. 
   This time it was replaced by Dumbledore in surprise:    So, the French wizard is trying toTo intervene in this transaction? 
   Lockhart said nothing, waiting for Dumbledore to explain himself.
   The French wizarding community hopes that we can lend them the Nigerian sea port. I asked Yusef Kama, and he said that it is used to transport Niger's 
   uranium
    ore. Dumbledore looked serious, 
   French wizards have mastered nuclear energy?
    
   
   It's impossible.
    Lockhart vetoed it flatly. 
   It's impossible for wizards all over the world to concentrate on research and achieve something in a few decades. I prefer that they have reached some kind of agreement with the French government. They are only responsible for Engage in ore... Ah, I said why the price of electricity in France is so cheap.
   
   What does this have to do with electricity?
    Dumbledore was curious.
   Nuclear energy can be used to generate electricity, and the power limit is extremely high.
    Lockhart simply explained, 
   France is the most developed country in Europe's nuclear power industry, and it can earn billions of francs every year just by exporting electricity to Europe. , they have a great demand for cheap tin raw materials.”He didn't believe that Dumbledore didn't know about 
   electricity
   , after all Hogwarts also had electromagnetic shielding spells.Sure enough, Dumbledore understood:    The country of Niger has a lot of 
   uranium
    ore. 
   
   Yes, but Niger does not have access to the sea. Nigeria, its neighbor to the south, does. I guess if they want to transport hundreds or even thousands of tons of uranium ore, they also need to ship it by sea... How do they plan to get these ores?
    Lockhart asked.Dumbledore shook his head:    I don't know about this, and I didn't ask, they just told me that if we are willing to lend them the port for oil transportation, they will support our investment activities in Nigeria. 
   
   Sure enough, it's good news. The more allies we have for things like this, the better.
    Lockhart agreed.The reason why I am aiming at oil is because the Brent oil settlement system in the North Sea that the British regard as the foundation of the country; while the wizards in France are focusing on uranium, in order to be included in the French nuclear power export system Fighting for a place for wizards can be regarded as adapting to local conditions.It seems that there are also capable people in France. I am not the only one who knows that the wizarding world will only lead to a dead end if this continues, so everyone is desperately trying to find a way.
   Very well, then there is one last little thing... The magic school in Uganda, Africa - Waggadu will also participate in the Triwizard Tournament, saying that it is to reflect the friendship and cooperation of the international magic community... Oh, it is now the Four Powers. It's over...Because Babajid's face is not easy to refute, I have already agreed, so I ask the Ministry of Magic to arrange it.
   After dropping this sentence, Dumbledore returned to the school easily, leaving Gilderoy Lockhart in a state of confusion.What the hell is this a trivial matter?The three schools participating in the competition have become four, which means that Hogwarts and the Ministry of Magic need one-third more workload, and the preparation budget will also increase a lot.Is this a trivial matter?Lockhart wanted to refuse, but he knew that neither the Ministry of Magic nor the sponsors who had paid money would refuse the request to 
   add me
   .As Fudge wanted to use two events to announce to the world the prosperity of Britain and his own greatness, the more schools participating the better.And the sponsors will only be happy for this-because the more entries, the greater the influence of the event, and the more worthwhile their advertising expenses will be.Only in this way, only myself and the Ministry of Magic are in trouble.The number of fire dragons that were originally to be rented has increased, the 
   program
    of the Goblet of Fire has to be reset, and the area to be moved for guests will also increase... Just thinking about it is a headache.When Lockhart returned to the house with his head full of inappropriateness, he happened to meet Sirius who was also depressed and listless.This guy was really hit to the point that his godson now regarded him as a villain, and would kill him as soon as he met him, and even regarded Peter Pettigrew as a hero.Even if he was willing to be imprisoned in Azkaban for so many years, he couldn't let them confuse right and wrong like this, right?At this moment, he suddenly had the urge to change back to his original form and tell the truth about all this to these children.But he felt that if he really did this, he would probably be bombarded to death by the Hogwarts professors and the residents of Hogsmeade.Perhaps until now, this is the first time that Black has a strong desire to restore his reputation. Although his main purpose is still revenge, this revenge is mixed with some other desires.Or rather, a strong desire to live a normal life.If Peter Pettigrew could be caught in front of everyone and restored to his original form,Then pour veritaserum on it.he thought unrealistically.But before that, he still had to give the gift to his godson.The next day, when Lockhart went to London to discuss the preparations for the Final Four, Sirius seized the opportunity, and when Dobby fell asleep at night, he used his wand to apparate to Diagon Alley.Although Diagon Alley is not open at night, Gringotts has reserved a green channel for some distinguished users in consideration of the requirements of some large households, so that they can withdraw money more secretly anytime, anywhere.And Gringotts kept all customer information confidential, and after arguing, the Ministry of Magic also agreed not to monitor the fires of the goblins. Black was confident in this.Blake entered the VIP room of Gringotts from the secret passage reserved for VIPs by Gringotts with ease, then sat down on the sofa and started yelling.When the goblin who heard the sound appeared in the VIP room, Sirius called the goblin, the exclusive customer service of his family treasury, and asked him to provide services for him.The goblins at Gringotts were surprised to see Black appear, but he did hold the key to the Black family's vault, so even though they all knew that Black was now a wanted man, they had to do so.After all, according to the rules of the bank, they only recognize people and keys, and apart from that, neither the laws of the Ministry of Magic nor anything else can control the goblin here.According to Black's request, the goblins took out [-] gold Galleons from the Black family's vault, and put them into a small package with the shrinking spell.After taking the small parcel, Black quietly returned to Hogsmeade, wrote a letter, and sent it together with the parcel to the family address in Badmore, Bavaria, Germany.Although he didn't know how much a Firebolt cost, he was still a rich man back then.It’s not that Zi Ge didn’t buy the Swiftlet and Arrow to play with, even if the price of the Firebolt was sky-high, it wouldn’t exceed 2000 Galleons. He bought it directly for 5000, and I believe the other party would definitely send it to Harry regardless of anything. .Besides, Blake felt that it was normal for those Germans not to have heard of his reputation.After all, he is only 
   famous
    in England, and may not have the same reputation in Germany.Between countries, these internal affairs have always been done by everyone, and no one cares about others, just as everyone has hardly heard of the names of the most wanted fugitives in the United States.In order to avoid exposure, he asked the Baldmore family to send the Firebolt directly to Hogwarts, and marked it as 
   a gift from someone who cares about you, to make up for the missed birthdays in the past 13 years
   It's not that he doesn't know that this kind of anonymous gift will be suspected by others, and he is also at risk of being exposed, but he has no other way.If he really failed in revenge and then died, then this is the last thing he can do.Chapter 210: The Harry Who Gets a SupercarFor the famous Harry Potter, the month before Christmas was a journey from hell to heaven, from heaven to purgatory, from purgatory to heaven on earth, and finally to be pushed back again. hell.Losing to Hufflepuff in the Quidditch match was of course very upset, but the dementor broke in, which no one expected, and Cedric won the game, so Harry had nowhere to vent his anger.For this reason, he deliberately violated the school rules, and then went to Hogsmeade with the Invisibility Cloak and the Marauder's Map, hoping to have some snacks, watch a movie, and relax.But after overhearing how Black betrayed his parents, Harry was furious, and the unknown anger accumulated earlier because of the loss of the Quidditch match was also sent out.And the object of his vent is the duel field.   
   
Chapter 101   
   
   It's just that anger can't make him have better self-control. The result of moving forward regardless of everything is that the senior students who are becoming more and more proficient in duels will seize the position and then defeat them, making Harry less and less happy. Comfortable.Just when Ron and Hermione were secretly worried that he would lose control, a mysterious package saved Harry and the two friends.Inside the package is a broom that every Quidditch player dreams of -- a Firebolt.Because he was so shocked, Harry even forgot for a moment that he was still being hunted down by his enemies.Although even he finds it unbelievable, Harry did once again implement the tradition he created—that is, he never bought a broom by himself since he was a child, but it was all given by others, and each one was more expensive than the other.It also makes sense why Harry would temporarily forget the hatred, because the Firebolt is just too amazing.简单对比一下大家就明白了一一普通的飞天扫帚相当于0万左右的比亚迪元，横扫、彗星新款就相当于40万左右的蔚来ES6,光轮2001与拂星者0可以对标80万左右的阿尔法或者特斯拉。and then?Sirius Black bought Harry a $500 million Aspark Owl.Yes, the difference is probably that big.The top of the Sweep series, Sweep 0, only accelerates to 10 mph in 70 seconds, but the Firebolt is 150.If the acceleration is only faster than a straight line, after the Firebolt circles the earth and returns to England, it is estimated that Sweep 0 is still in the middle of the Pacific Ocean.In the original book, Harry started to change direction and accelerate when he found that Draco Malfoy was almost about to catch the Snitch after helping his own team score.But even so, the Firebolt still crushed the Nimbus 200= and allowed Harry to get the Snitch first—their performance gap is self-evident.Not only that, Firebolt also launched three versions by changing the material of the handle, the original version of ebony, the birch branch with sufficient lift, and the sensitive hazel branch. As a human being, I vowed to crush all my peers.Fortunately, its output is low, otherwise all European broom merchants would unite to kill the Badmore family.That's why Ron said 
   it costs more than all the brooms in Slytherin put together
   , and why Lucius Malfoy was so determined not to buy Draco a Firebolt - because it wasn't worth the money.Because Sirius is quick to pay, the Firebolt package sent to Harry this time also comes with three broom handle accessories, which he can replace as he pleases.I change the grip to a feeling and one's stateHarry knew very well that as long as he sat on this broom, with his skills, it was absolutely impossible for him to let others snatch the Golden Snitch again.The happiness of the rich is so simple and unpretentious, and Harry can now feel the feeling of crushing opponents with equipment.Just when he couldn't wait to hold it and wanted to go to the stadium to practice (show off) and practice (show off), Hermione suddenly appeared in front of him with Professor McGonagall, and then stopped him.
   It's very likely that Black gave it to you. I'm going to confiscate it, and then, with Professor Flitwick, I'll examine it carefully... maybe more than once.
   Professor McGonagall’s words were like a thunderbolt to Harry—the joy of just getting a supercar disappeared before he had time to immerse himself in it for a while. People with such ups and downs and a little weak psychological endurance may directly have a heart attack. .Hermione's 
   snitching
    behavior has cost her dearly - now Harry and Ron ignore her.The former was due to the Firebolt, the latter was due to another two patches of baldness from Scabbers - Ron said it was because he was terrified of CrookshanksSo on the morning of the second day after Christmas, Hermione ran to Hogsmeade crying alone, crying to Lockhart about what happened to her these days.Despite the absence of divination and Muggle studies, Hermione's homework has not been reduced too much in general, and the political homework assigned by Lockhart has even been added.In addition, she had to make legal preparations for Hagrid and Buckbeak, because Hagrid knew nothing about it and was too careless.Hagrid thought that Lockhart had already settled everything for him, and with Dumbledore back, the trial was almost certain, so there was no preparation at all.But Hermione knew the truth that 
   if you want to be saved by God, you must first save yourself
   , soShe didn't dare to be careless in this regard.Heavy homework and study pressure, complicated legal and political studies, as well as incomprehension and blame from friends, Hermione has endured too many things that her age should not bear in a short period of time, and she still hasn't collapsed. She can only be considered strong-willed.Obviously Harry is the savior, but why do I have to bear this? ' she cried to Lockhart.Lockhart sighed, even though he knew that the last three people would definitely reconcile, but now he has no way to give Hermione any solution.It's not that he can't use cleverness to solve it, but that this kind of cleverness will be harmful to these children.With a little psychological and rhetorical tricks, he could easily make Harry and Ron realize their problems, and even sympathize with Hermione, but doing so would not be good for the friendship between the three of them in the long run.People have to be in conflict and critical moments to truly understand each other, and a bland relationship can only make people see the surface.It's as if someone often said angrily, 
   I really misjudged him. I haven't seen him for so many years. He turned out to be such a person.
    But when you think about it carefully, has he really understood him for so many years?How much do you know about middle school, college classmates, or even roommates who have been with each other for at least three or four years?Without such violent conflicts and big events, it is difficult for you to really understand a person.Chapter 210 Emotion is also a good helper for politiciansIn the corner of the Three Broomsticks, Gemma Farley stared impatiently at the scene where Lockhart comforted Hermione.Because the Triwizard Tournament has become a Four-wizard Tournament, the influence of the competition has greatly increased, but the signed contract cannot be changed, so the sponsors who previously promised to sponsor have 
   earned
    a lot of money.For example, the 
   sweeping
    business representative Ole Dun Jr. was praised by his family for his decisive actions, because he saved a lot of money for the family.The rest of the companies, while annoyed at not being able to start earlier, also sent letters to the Ministry of Magic asking if there was any possibility of further expansion of the competition.Seeing this situation, even a fool like Fudge would know what to do
   ...the possibility of further expanding the participating teams is not ruled out.
    He said to the purebloods who came to inquire about the information, 
   After all, there are so many magic schools in the world, and there are zero magic schools with a registration history of more than 30 years, except for Watts. Gardo, Beauxbatons and Durmstrang, Castrobusher and Ilvermorny have also expressed the same interest...Although they more or less guessed that Fudge was talking nonsense, the merchants still fell into the panic of 
   losing
   , so they flocked and surrounded the screaming shack with water.In addition to signing the sponsorship contract, Lockhart and Gemma Farley also had to deal with various private requests from the sponsors, such as expanding the scale of the game, increasing the number of games, and various activities and so on.There are some requirements, such as letting the contestants play a game of twelve pins, and playing Quidditch from the eel farm. Because it is too absurd, Lockhart has to grant it.In order to refuse.But since he had rebuffed him on this point, he had to make concessions elsewhere.For this reason, Lockhart had to lower the asking price for selling the reporting rights in exchange for more publicity resources invested by foreign media in reporting on the Triwizard Tournament, otherwise the sponsoring company would quit.Gemma Farley didn't quite understand why Lockhart would devote all his energy to taking care of a little girl's emotions when he was so busy with his daily affairs. It seemed to her that it was a waste of time.Especially when she saw Hermione throwing herself into Lockhart's arms and crying, she was even more annoyed. She silently recited 
   respect
    a hundred times in her heart, but in the end she 
   missed
    and dropped her special teacup.
   Back to the original.
    She took out her wand and deliberately chanted the spell loudly.Of course Lockhart felt this hostility, which also made him determined again to correct some people's mischievous temper.Even if it's not for work, or for his own freedom, he can't continue to tolerate it.
   In the face of time, the storm is always short-lived, and everything will pass, as long as we believe that we are right.
    Lockhart said to Hermione, 
   There must be gentleness, but it is not a compromise to the unreasonable. As a rationalist, We must learn to be strong in a quiet and unhurried manner.
   Gemma heard this, and was so angry that she almost went crazy.Because how much she wished that Lockhart said this to her, not to a stupid girl who quarreled with her friends and complained for an hour.Take this mouse tonic, and it will be regarded as an apology to Ron.I will also help the professors with Harry's broom: it's my job to try to get the broom back to him before the game... God, it's a big sacrifice, they're going to have to do it in the next gameIt's us Ravenclaws, I hope Roger won't blame me.    After persuading Hermione, Lockhart returned to the Shrieking Shack and resumed receiving guests.
   At a time like this, we should hang out with these sponsors.
    He explained his behavior to Gemma, 
   Now the initiative is in our hands, and we are not short of money. The more urgent they are, we will The more calm you have to be, the higher the price you can pay... Your impatient expression is very good, very suitable for facing our guests.
   Only then did Gemma realize that she had accidentally revealed her true emotions.
   I'm sorry, I lost control.
    She offered to apologize.Although she felt deep down that Lockhart should understand why she was out of control, she was unwilling to express her thoughts through words.Unfortunately, Lockhart did understand, but he had no intention of spoiling her.
   Why apologize?
    Lockhart asked back. 
   Whether it's expressing ourselves or doing work, we all need to express our emotions.
   
   ...I remember someone said that a person should try not to let others guess his thoughts.
    Gemma looked a little confused.
   The person who told you this must care about you.
    Lockhart laughed in his heart. 
   But you must have made a mistake, Miss Farley. A very necessary behavior, even if it is feigned.
   
   why?
   
   For example, the Muggle side... Dukakis and Bush once had a debate on the topic of 
   should the death penalty be abolished in the United States
    in the televised speech of the presidential campaign. Dukakis thinks it should, and Bush On the contrary.Originally, the polls of the two people were very close, but then Bush asked Dukakis-a question-if your wife was raped and killed, would you still support it?Support the abolition of the death penalty?As a result, Dukakis answered Bush's question very calmly and methodically, saying that even if the prisoner is killed, his wife still cannot be resurrected, and various data also prove that the death penalty has no effect on the social crime rate...you guess what? ? 
   Gemma frowned:    I guess those who support the abolition of the death penalty will support him even more, and those who do not support the abolition of the death penalty are firmly opposed?
   
   No, everyone has become unsupportive of him, even if they were originally supporters of the abolition of the death penalty.
    Lockhart revealed the answer.Gemma was even more confused, but her good upbringing made her wait patiently, because she knew that Lockhart would explain himself.Sure enough, Lockhart told her why.Living in Liyu is—Dukakis's performance is too calm.Because in everyone's opinion, a good man should feel intense pain when someone he loves is hurt, but Dukakis faced it with a detached attitude.So while there was nothing wrong with his logical, clear and natural point of view, and the way he answered, it caused his approval ratings to plummet because all the viewers who watched the televised debate thought he was not human. 
   
   This...but the content of their debate is whether the death penalty should be abolished.
    Gemma tried to explain the matter with her own understanding, 
   and the Muggle who supports the abolition of the death penalty did not say anything wrong.
   Lockhart reserves his opinion on whether the death penalty should be abolished—although he privately believes that keeping the death penalty can directly avoid a lot of trouble, but the magic world seems to have abolished the death penalty in advance under the intervention of Rowling, so As a 
   public weapon
   , he has no choice but to accept the status quo, even if he thinks the dementor's kiss is not much better
   So, the way of expression is often more important than the content of expression.
    LohaTe shrugged, 
   Because we're all sentient beings.Gemma wasn't stupid. She thought a little and realized what Lockhart was really trying to advise her.
   That is to say, even if you think you have the truth, you can't persuade others with cynicism, condescension or impatience, otherwise the effect will be counterproductive, because the object of persuasion often pays more attention to attitude than logic.
    Gemma herself said Out of what Lockhart wanted to say.Gemma Lockhart expressed his approval:    Yeah, if you understand this truth, many people will not fail to persuade their parents not to buy TV to sell products, or to persuade relatives not to participate in illegal investment-because The way they express it is really inappropriate.
   Gemma sighed—because that wasn't what she wanted to hear.Rather than being taught how to control her emotions, she hoped that Lockhart could understand the reasons for her emotional changes.She wants to prove herself too much, in every way.Of course, if you can learn to show the right emotions at the right time, I don’t have to care about everything in the office, and we can use the time saved to do more meaningful things. 
   Lockhart lost no time in sending a sweet date.
   us?
   
   Yes, we. Climbing the mountains alone will always seem lonely, but if there is a companion beside us to encourage each other, it will not be so tiring.
    Lockhart said seemingly casually.Gemma felt as if something suddenly wanted to jump out of her heart.
   I think I can give it a try, after all my father sent me to the Ministry of Magic, definitely not wanting me to be the office 'Princess of Tea'. 
   Chapter 210 Sixth Step by StepAfter the new year, with the preparations for the Final Four getting underway and the construction of Hogsmeade gradually taking shape, the Ministry of Magic originally wanted to keep the news of the Final Four under wraps, but the sponsors and the media seemed to finally be patient. To the limit.They began to put pressure on the Ministry of Magic, saying that it was unreasonable not to publicize such a grand event half a year in advance, and asked the Ministry of Magic to make the matter public as soon as possible.Seeing that Fudge couldn't go on, and his family had almost made some preparations, he had no choice but to announce to the public through the 
   Daily Prophet
    that the transnational school of magic was about to start a historic friendship match.The French Ministry of Magic and the Norwegian Ministry of Magic were naturally furious. They had made an appointment to make a fortune in silence, but the British suddenly sold them out. Their anger can be imagined.As the Minister of Magic, Fudge had to bite the bullet and negotiate with the other party. He not only agreed to share some benefits to appease the other party's anger, but also expressed his willingness to share the experience of hosting the tournament with them, so that they can learn from it when they host the tournament a few years later.Fudge's concession was not insignificant, but for Lockhart, it meant a new beginning.With international and domestic major sponsors with relationships and channels already sharing 80% of the tournament’s profits, those retail investors can only compete for the remaining 20%.Although the total amount of the 20% is not much, Lockhart still needs to negotiate with the sponsors one by one. The sponsorship fee obtained is limited, but the things that need to be done are more and more complicated than before, and the increase does not increase the price. He and Gemma Farley have their hands full.Lockhart intentionally entrusted Gemma with a bunch of chores, and wrote down all the things she did. When he got off work and went to the Three Broomsticks for a drink, he would list all the things she did and tell her where Well done, there are some flaws.Gemma Farley only thought it was Lockhart's little trouble for him. Although he didn't say it on the surface, he was very happy in his heart.Especially when Lockhart asked what personal rewards she wanted, Gemma really thought about it seriously—it seems that after this period of authoritative 
   domestication
   , she seemed to have mentally made Lockhart Hart was regarded as the superior, otherwise she would not have believed that Lockhart had the authority to 
   reward
    herself.
   Movies? That's not considered a reward, anyway, we often watch it.
    Gemma's eyes flashed inexplicably, 
   I was thinking... The environment of the Three Broomsticks is too noisy. From tomorrow, we will go to Paddifu How about the work review at Madam Teahouse?
   
   Is this what you want?
    Lockhart asked helplessly.
   Yes, that's it.
    Gemma blushed a little.Madame Puddife's teahouse is a private clubhouse exclusively for couples, and her intention is self-evident.
   Have you thought about it?
    Lockhart couldn't help asking, 
   You also know that once it gets out, the nature of the matter will change, and the development of at least one of us will be restricted.
   Of course, there is a reason why office romances are not tolerated. It is because their relationship will be commented by colleagues and leaders; It is easy to disregard public and private interests, and the possibility of corruption is brewing.Therefore, it is not without reason that the administrative department will break up couples in an office. At least they must be transferred to different departments. coincidence
   I don't care,
    said Gemma, 
   I'll go back to tending the family land.Well, Missy's waywardness.Lockhart is not sure if he will fall in love with this girl who is 10 years younger than himself. In fact, after so long, he has become more and more difficult to distinguish the line between 
   love
    and 
   lust
   , especially in the wizard. Since there was such a thing as a love potion here, he even began to doubt whether it really existed.
   
   
Chapter 102   
   
   Of course, as a mixed race, marrying a holy 28 pure blood wife is undoubtedly a symbol of a rising lintel.But Lockhart didn't take much notice of this, because he knew that the wizarding world was about to usher in a populist revolution, and it was hard to say that this marriage would have any positive impact on his career.
   Let me change my mentality first, okay? Let's date for a while.
    Lockhart asked tentatively.He was originally just nervous because of Rosmerta, but now it seems that women understand women better.Although he had discovered some clues a long time ago, he was not sure until now
   Of course.
    Gemma Farley replied with a sense of pride, 
   You have plenty of time to think about it, but as a first step, I want you to start today by calling me 'Gemma' and Not 
   Miss Farley'
   Lockhart agreed with a wry smile:    Okay... Gemma.
   Gemma Farley was overjoyed immediately.Seeing her like this, Lockhart finally understood where her hostility towards Hermione came from.Although he had already vaguely felt it, he really didn't expect the other party to be so willful.He was going to explain to her after a while why he valued Muggle-born Hermione so much, and I'm sure any smart person would understand.As for the original 
   taming
    plan, there must be some changes. It is certainly a good idea to use subtle means to conduct authoritative training for a long time, but if it is really related to major events in your life, it is another matter.An obedient woman without ego is not a wife but a sex slave, and a magic doll made of silicone can do better than that.To put it bluntly, even a narcissist needs someone around him who appreciates him sincerely.Lockhart decided to change his strategy, but before that, he really needed to restrain himself and interact with other women as little as possible.Let's take a stepWhile Lockhart was sitting at his desk thinking about the major events in his life, a woman came to his door.Lockhart saw that it was getting late, in order to avoid other people's gossip, he could only ask the other party to come back tomorrow.
   Who is it? The office is closed today, please come back tomorrow if you have anything to do.
    Lockhart shouted towards the door.But the other party did not retreat:    Gidero, there is one thing I must ask today!
   — Hearing this voice, Lockhart felt relieved.It turned out to be Professor McGonagall, no matter how jealous Gemma Farley was, she couldn't get her.So he put on a coat and opened the door.
   Come in...it's really cold today, what would you like to drink? Tea? Cocoa?
   
   Maybe a cup of hot water.
    Minerva McGonagall patted the snow off her body and entered the Shrieking Shack. 
   Let's cut a long story short... Did you buy Potter a Firebolt?
   The big black dog by the fireplace immediately pricked up its ears.Chapter 210 Seventh, Extra Movements Are the Enemy of PlanningHearing what Professor McGonagall said, Lockhart was very surprised:    Firebolt. That broom that may cost thousands of Galleons? Why do you think I bought it?
   
   Because I really can't think of anyone else who would buy him such an expensive thing.
    Professor McGonagall sat down, looking a little annoyed, 
   I, Felius and Severus checked the whole thing from beginning to end. Putting the broom dozens of times, Severus even stayed up for two nights, tested thousands of magics, but we found nothing, from detecting maliciousness to other known black magics, we tried everything.
   
   So that's the case.
    Lockhart also sat down, 
   If it's a magic that none of the three of you can discover, then I definitely can't use it, and I doubt that Black can't use it either.
   
   That's why I want to find out who did it.
    Professor McGonagall looked at Lockhart with a serious expression, 
   But I think it's very likely that you did it...you don't have to worry about Ravenclaw College complaining If you are biased, I will keep it a secret for you.
   
   It's really not me.
    Lockhart firmly denied, 
   Why do you suspect me?
   
   Because Randolph Baddmore wrote back that although they hadn't noticed where the Firebolt owl had come from, the species was a short-eared owl endemic to North Scotland...and they included that order letter as well. It was sent to me, and we found out that the letterhead used was the official letterhead of the British Ministry of Magic.
    Professor McGonagall stared at Lockhart, pointing out the clues he found one by one.Lockhart remained unchanged on the surface:    But the range is still a bit large.
    In fact, deep down, he restrained himself so that he didn't scold the big black dog-you won't find Does Gringotts borrow pen and paper?Have to take it from my drawer?And beside the fireplace, the big black dog was sweating profusely—he had indeed forgotten about it, and he was not in Gringotts because he was worried that Gringotts would use the 
   handwriting reconstruction
    magic to find out what he wrote. Instead of writing a letter, I took a pen and paper from Lockhart5 but I didn't expect it to be revealed in the end.Finally, we asked Gringotts about who had recently withdrawn 5000 Galleons from the bank. As a result, the goblins told me that the identity of the client must be kept strictly confidential according to the contract, and they would not answer even if someone from the Ministry of Magic asked. . 
   When Professor McGonagall said this, the suspicion in his eyes was no longer concealed:    As far as we know, only very distinguished customers can enjoy this treatment.
   
   And I'm such a big client, right?
    Lockhart smiled wryly, 
   But...there are still many people who work in the Ministry of Magic and have a large deposit in Gringotts! And they can afford it People, the entire British wizarding world will not exceed 30 people, right? Although I'm not sure if there will be outsiders...
   While talking, he took a piece of paper from the side table, wrote a line on it, and handed it to Professor McGonagall.
   Take it for handwriting identification! I think my handwriting should be different from the handwriting on the order letter.
   Professor McGonagall took the paper suspiciously:    So, you really didn't do it.
   It's really not me. I can't buy a Firebolt if I want to buy it. At most, I can buy a Nimbus for 200 yuan. Do you have any old textbooks or notes from Blake? I suggest checking it out.
    Loha Te had an idea in the blink of an eye.Professor McGonagall shook his head:    If there was any, we would have checked it. It is a pity that the four robbers took all their textbooks and notes when they graduated, and used them to light a fire and have a bonfire party. They say these 
   damn things7 tortured them for seven years and they want revenge. 
   Beside the fireplace, Sirius Black secretly breathed a sigh of relief - looking young and youngBeing crazy is not without benefits, at least now no one can confirm that he did it.
   Even the Ministry of Magic doesn't have him writing a confession or other materials?
    Lockhart was a little surprised.
   No, that guy confessed to all charges, so Crouch was spared that step.
   Lockhart looked very distressed:    That's troublesome. I really can't think of anyone who would be crazy enough to send a Firebolt as a trap for harming someone. If this is a trap, it may not be too obvious... The broom is really Is it all right?
   
   I really can't find Tian Ke's problem.
    McGonagall admitted, 
   Badmore told us in his reply that he has several anti-disassembly mechanisms inside the Firebolt. From the broom to Hogwarts, unless someone accurately intercepts the owl in the middle, there is no chance of tampering, but the delivery owl’s round-trip time is normal, there is no injury on its body, and it looks very good. ...
   
   Then there is no problem.
    Lockhart persuaded, 
   Maybe someone owes the Potter family, but they are too embarrassed to say it publicly, so we have to use this method to repay. oo Take it easy, at least this year's Quidditch The odd cup belongs to Gryffindor.
   Of course he knew who ordered it, and he knew very well that there was nothing wrong with it.When it comes to Quidditch, Professor McGonagall is in better spirits:    I hope so.
    The old professor's enthusiasm for Quidditch is probably no less than that of any Gryffindor.Although it was not revealed who gave the gift, Professor McGonagall returned the Firebolt to Harry Potter after repeatedly confirming that there was no problem with the broom.The elated Harry took it to the Quidditch training ground, and got the evaluation of 
   we will win this year
    from the top and bottom of Gryffindor.Everyone was still driving go-karts on the road, but a crowd suddenly appeared next to them.A Lamborghini, if such a Lamborghini can't bully these kindergarten children, then unless the road is full of ditches.And after Professor McGonagall came, Sirius Black also knew that his godson had finally accepted his gift, and a wish surged in his heart.Although he had already obtained the password paper that Crookshanks had thrown him, he still hoped to have another look at his godson riding on the broom before doing it.Because he was worried that after he attacked Gryffindor Tower, the college would cancel the Quidditch Cup, and he might even die, so he would never see that scene again.Speaking of which, that cat is really smart—even though it can’t read English letters, it saw a student carrying that piece of paper in and out of the tower, so it knew that there must be a password to enter and exit, so it took advantage of him not paying attention. I stole it from time to time.Without this thing, Black would not be able to get in even if he tried his best.Now Sirius got the import and export order for Gryffindor Tower for a week, and all he had to do was to do it within this week and send the mouse to a dead end.He planned to go to the Gryffindor game in the morning, sneak back to the Shrieking Shack for dinner at noon, take a nap in the afternoon, and then sneak into Honeydukes' secret lane and go straight to Hogwarts at night while the villagers went to the movies. internal.Originally, the secret passage of the Screaming Shack was more concealed, but Black suddenly felt that it was better not to trap this person who 
   took and raised
    him.After this incident came to light, the secret passage of the Screaming Shack would definitely be exposed anyway. After all, Lupine also knew the secret passage.After his attack was successful, he would confess to Dumbledore as soon as he left, and Lockhart who was stationed in the Screaming Shack would definitely be responsible.Although this person is a bit vicious, at least he helped himself so much unintentionally, if he could implicate one less person, let him implicate one less person!As he thought, he hid the paper with the Gryffindor tower password in the shedIn the grass behind the house.Just wait and see, Peter Pettigrew, you only have five days to live.Chapter 210 Eighth Three Becomes Top FiveTo be honest, if it weren't for all the preparations he had made before, Lockhart might have allowed Black to sneak away without telling him and succeed in sneaking away.Fortunately, he also took some precautions.It was this preventive measure that allowed Lockhart to notice Black's small movements despite his busy schedule.After Fudge gave up continuing to keep the Tournament a secret, he was worried that Dumbledore would use the Tournament to expand his influence, so he simply sent an invitation to the Ilvermorny Academy in the United States.Although Beauxbaton College in France seems to be neutral, Madame Maxime's thoughts are leaning towards the Lions, and the legendary alchemist from Beauxbaton College-Nicole Flamel and Dumbledore have a close personal relationship, even if Even after his death, Beauxbaton College also maintained a good relationship with Dumbledore.Therefore, in order to balance the influence, when the Ministry of Magic was selecting another academy, it deliberately chose Durmstrang of the Snake School, and its principal Karkaroff was a Death Eater before, so he must have a disagreement with Dumbledore.But now that Dumbledore has brought in Waggadu from Africa, in order to balance the influence, Fudge has to bring in another school no matter what.So he chose the magic school founded by the descendants of Slytherin - Ilvermorny, USA.After the people who believe in Ilvermorny come, they should be able to neutralize the influence of the Lion faction a little.Anyway, the relationship between Britain and the United States on the Muggle side is also very good, and it's fair and right—that's what Fudge thinks.Fudge was proud of his decision, but he didn't know that although Ilvermorny was founded by the descendants of Slytherin, its school-running philosophy was 
   teach without distinction
   , which was quite populist.On the contrary, it is the Waggadu of Africa, because they uphold mysticism and adopt theThey secretly select students in the way of dream giving rune stones, which is a bit of elitism. That is, because of the increase in the population of Africa, especially Egypt, in recent years, the number of wizards has soared, and they have to change some school-running methods.Therefore, although Babajid and Dumbledore still have some contacts, the school-running philosophy of the two schools has retained its own characteristics.As a result of Fudge's miscalculation, he inadvertently balanced the power of the contestants, even though the process of 
   balancing
    was completely different from what he thought.The leader moved his mouth, and the following ran broken legs, and Lockhart was too busy for this.From the top three to the top four, and finally to the top five, the plan that needs to be changed in the process is not just a little bit, or even a whole new plan.He is like those Party B who have worked so hard to make plans, but when the plan is due to be handed in, Party A's father suddenly changes his mind and asks 
   to add another window here
   . This feeling is really inhumane.
   ...In this way, Americans are more advocating individual heroism, so they arrange the students of Ilvermorny to live in Gryffindor; Vagadu emphasizes the harmony between man and nature, I think they have produced Master Newt and Stowe Professor Prout's Hufflepuff will be easy to talk to; Beauxbaton, who is maverick and self-important, will be handed over to Ravenclaw, and Durmstrang will be treated by you, Slytherin... Is this okay?
    Lockhart looked at Gemma with red eyes.
   Very well, I'll let the head of the male and female students pay special attention... and the prefects of each house.
    Gemma said.It is a good thing to expand the authority of the student union. Lockhart can also distribute the tasks, and even call it 
   experience a little bit
   .
   Then let's delegate the task... the people in charge... Percy Weasley of Gryffindor, Robert Hilliard of Ravenclaw, Gabrielle Truman of Hufflepuff, and yours …Uh?
   
   Lucien Ball,
    Gemma reminded him.
   Okay, that's it... oh!
    Lockhart's expression changed suddenly.
   What's the matter?
    Gemma noticed that his expression was different, and asked quickly.If you are familiar with it, please forgive me!Don’t QianQi⒖Bare fingers poke like arroganceAo Yuwei stupid secondary industry fansplayValerian bully consume latent furfur hangerVinegar cattle裢砗Meng袷落ハ书饭poisonousケPunishmentIndustry P Na慊旯 Only Sheng XingAo! ?/p>Gemma was a little disappointed, because watching a movie with Lockhart was the happiest time she had in recent times.
   I'll deal with them, they don't dare to attack officials of the Ministry of Magic.
    Gemma volunteered, 
   Besides, they may not be willing to come, Gildero... you can take a good restinterestday.Lockhart sighed. 
   I'd hate to do it if possible... but I'm really sleepy, sorry, Gemma.
   
   It's okay, it's true that your spirit is not very good, I should have noticed it earlierAfter a while, Lockhart returned to the back room, and then fell asleep.Gemma shook her head when she heard the snoring in the back room, and then called Dobby to pay attention to Lockhart's warmth.
   If I find out the next day that he has a cold...even if it's just a sneeze, your nose and ears won't be where they are now, understand what I mean?
    she whispered but sternly to Do Than said.Although Dobby claims to be a free house-elf, in the face of this possible 
   future mistress
   , he has once again demonstrated the deep-rooted quality of the house-elf and obeys orders.
   Dobby promises it will never happen, mistress.
   The 
   hostess
    made Gemma Farley calm down immediately.
   That's good, do your job well, maybe in the future I will consider you as mySteward of our castle. 
   She walked out proudly.But not long after she went out, Lockhart in the back room got up.This little bit of overtime didn't tire him out, and he was nervous for another reason.Because he had been with Lupine for a long time, Lockhart took an opportunity to ask him about the magic of tracking and displaying people's names on the map while drinking.Lupine laughed and couldn't stop talking.He told Lockhart how the four of them invented 
   Hmnculus_Charm
   .
   We used the principles of owls to find people, the sorting hat to know people, and the Ministry of Magic's traces. To be honest, these are quite difficult, but the four of us have overcome them one by one. Now that I think about it, it's unbelievable. I dare not Guaranteed I will still spend time on some boring things now...
   Because Lockhart was not good at transfiguration, Lupine simply did it for him—he cast a permanent simultaneous transfiguration spell on Lockhart, with a tracer like a tracer at one end and a police sight glass at the other end.
   In this way, as long as someone uses magic around the tracer, your looking glass will vibrate. As for the map... Sorry, I can't give you Hogwarts permission.
   
   It's okay, that's enough.
    Lockhart expressed his satisfaction.And just when Lockhart was talking to Gemma, the looking glass in Lockhart's arms suddenly rang an alarm and reported the new situation to Lockhart.
   Very good... You guy, finally moved.
   Lockhart clenched his wand tightly and looked in the direction of Hogwarts.Is the rat tonic good, Peter.
   
   
Chapter 103   
   
   Chapter 210 NegligencePeter Pettigrew, as a mouse, has lived humiliatingly in the Weasley family for more than ten years.Although the children of the Weasley family treat it fairly well, you can't expect them to provide such a comfortable treatment for a mouse when they are struggling with their own food and clothing, so even if they are adopted However, Peter Pettigrew can only continue to live a life of hunger and fullness.But it didn't matter, at least his life was saved.Others may not believe it, but if Black doesn't come to seek revenge, Peter Pettigrew is actually quite satisfied with his current life.No worries about food and drink, a bed, a boring but stable life. In fact, 
   boring
    itself is the greatest reward for him.Although the Sorting Hat has never missed the sorting hat, Peter Pettigrew has always believed that the sorting hat must have made a mistake when he got himself into Gryffindor, because he didn't want to be eye-catching at all, and he didn't want to be a hero, let alone a brave man.On the contrary, even the most tolerant of harsh environments would be amazed by Peter's ability to adapt to the situation. Living in the form of a mouse for more than ten years is probably not something that ordinary people can do.Peter has reason to suspect that because he is neither smart nor ambitious, nor loyal enough, the courage to betray his friends has become the most prominent point of all his qualities, so the Sorting Hat will sort him out.It's not so much that he's the best for Gryffindor, it's that he's just too bad for the other three houses.Anyway, deep down in his heart, he still feels a little bit guilty about the Potters, so he subconsciously regards 
   living as a mouse
    as a kind of guilt for himself.Although his own punishment is much better than that of squatting in Azkaban, this is another kind of cage for him to be locked up.The fact that Sirius Black came to seek revenge made him anxious for a long time. He knew that guy was a lunatic, and he was the most active person among the four of them. As the only one who knew the truth, it was impossible for Black not to come. trouble yourselfHe even thought about whether he should leave the Weasleys' house and run away again, but after thinking about it carefully, he realized that although the world was big, as a traitor, he had nowhere to escape.As long as he reappears in human form, no matter how many people he can deceive with rhetoric, he still cannot avoid a question: why has he never dared to show himself?Obviously, he couldn't answer this question.As for the former Death Eaters, he was even more afraid to ask for help, because he was not on the same path with them from the beginning to the end, and he    surrendered
    Voldemort only because he was timid.As we all know, the Surrender Faction is a kind of stuff that is unpopular with both the enemy and ourselves.Peter wasn't sure if those Death Eaters who were still outside would sell themselves back and use it as a tool to clear themselves of suspicion when Voldemort lost power.The only thing that can comfort him is that the defenses of the Ministry of Magic and Hogwarts are perfect, and Black may not be able to get in. Moreover, according to the newspapers, the Ministry of Magic has issued a lore order for Black, allowing the wizards to see him. Then use the death curse.After thinking about it, after Peter found that he had nowhere to go, he could only stay with Ron Weasley, hoping that the guards of the Ministry of Magic and the defense of Hogwarts would be stronger, and kill him as soon as he saw Black .If it doesn't work, he really can only run away and try to find Voldemort. Otherwise, even if he turns into a mouse and hides in the sewer, Black can use the tracking spell to find himself.Fortunately, Hogwarts has been calm for a while, and Black seems to have given up trying after failing to pass the portrait, and has never appeared again, which somewhat relieved himToday, his little master decided to take him to the Quidditch pitch to relax and stay away from the big ginger cat.For this decision, he agreed with both hands and feet - he didn't know why, the broken cat kept staring at him and biting, if it wasn't for fear of being exposed, he would have turned into its original shape and stuffed the cat into the kitchen fire .Hey, Quidditch—what's the fun in that shit?It's dangerous and expensive... just go out and relax.Just as Harry Potter was whizzing through the sky on his Firebolt, Pettigrew poked his head out of Ron's pocket.It’s okay if you don’t look at the result, but it almost made his heart go into cardiac arrest one by one.On a balcony high above the Quidditch pitch, a ginger cat was crouching next to a large black dog.The cat and dog were lazily basking in the sun, watching the Quidditch game with the rest of the little wizards.Damn, I knew something was wrong with that cat!Peter Pettigrew screamed in his heart.He was so frightened that he immediately retracted it into Ron's pocket, which made Ron a little confused.Ron looked around suspiciously, then saw Hermione's cat nearby
   Poor Scabber, it was frightened by that beast.
   If it was normal, he would definitely quarrel with Hermione again, but Hermione didn't sit with him, and even though she came to watch the game today, she put on a hat and scarf and wrapped herself tightly. Strictly speaking, a person sat in the corner.Seeing her like this, Ron can't go back to quarrel with her, can he?he's just emotionally intelligentLow, but not a lever.Ron sighed, then took out Hermione's gift of apology from his pocket, the bottle of rat tonic, took out one, and threw it into his pocket.
   Eat, I'm going to help you take a bath when I go back...
   At this moment, Harry rode the Firebolt and began to charge towards the Golden SnitchRon shoved it back into his pocket desperately, and together with his classmates, he shouted for Gryffindor desperately.Gryffindor's triumphant return put Harry and Ron in a good mood, and while they celebrated in the common room, the two of them celebrated with food Fred and George had stolen from the kitchen, as well as food from three The butter beer stored in the broom, discussed seriously for a while.
   I think this is actually something we did wrong.
    Harry finally figured it out, 
   Now that I think about it, it's true that no one would give me such an expensive broom for no reason, and you can't let a broom The cat is smart enough to know which mice to eat and which not to eat.
   Ron glanced at the corner of the common room—indeed, under the festive atmosphere, Hermione, who was reading alone with glasses, looked so out of place, even a little bleak.He was also a little soft-hearted:    Maybe you are right, buddy. Actually, when I went to Egypt, I used the pocket money my father gave me to buy a pair of gold beetle earrings...
   
   Then what are you waiting for?
    Harry asked back, 
   Let's apologize together! Let's find some topics to talk about first, as if nothing happened, and when the atmosphere is better and the embarrassment is less, We apologize again.
   
   listen to you buddyRon agreed, and he ran upstairs immediately.But when Ron ran down the stairs again, Harry couldn't see the pair of gold beetle earrings he was talking about from his hands, but a bloody bed sheet—and the pinched earrings in his hands. A few ginger cat hairs.It's troublesome now...Hearing Ron's roar resounding throughout the living room, Harry didn't know what to do next.Chapter 220 Perfect StaggerAfter fulfilling his last wish, Blake decided to leave tonight to complete his big plan.He knew that the little lions of Gryffindor would definitely celebrate after winning, and maybe drink butter beer—just like himself and James did back then.By the time the kids had blown off all their energies at Quidditch games and celebratory dinners, and downed their beers, they'd be sure to sleep through the night without anyone finding themselves in their common room.Quickly into the common room, then with the help of Crookshanks to find Ron's dormitory, and then kill the rat with his own hands... Easy, isn't it?His original plan was to kill the rat, yell in the Gryffindor common room, dismember the rat in front of everyone, and wait for the Ministry of Magic to take him away, but now He hesitated again.From the information he has learned these days, he learned that his godson was not living well in his uncle's house, and even suffered from starvation, heavy work, and refusal to allow him to go to Hogsmeade. Very uneasy.Can't I adopt him?As soon as the idea came to his mind, it took root there so deeply that he could never forget it.Come to think of it, as long as it doesn't fall into the hands of that fellow Snape, anyone should at least hear their own defense, right?But if he still stays in the tower after killing Peter, I'm afraid that anyone who sees him will involuntarily cast a spell on himself, then there will be no chanceAfter much deliberation, Sirius finally came up with a solution that was not a solutionAfter he succeeded in assassinating Peter, he was using magic words to leave a message to Dumbledore in the common room.
   I'll wait for you at the place where Moonshell-face goes every month, principal.
   ——In this way, wouldn't Dumbledore know about the Shrieking Shack?And outsiders don't even know what they are talking about.perfect!After pulling the passcode out of the bushes, Black hid it in the folds of his neck.Originally, these folds should not exist, but these days I ate and slept, slept and ateLife is so good that he feels like he's gained weightand so…7No, after the revenge is over, I must travel all over the world, lose this body fat, and then go home during the holidays, and take Harry back by the way...With a bright vision for the future, he stole Lockhart's old wand again, put it in his mouth, and went into Honeydukes' cellar while the movie was showing.However, as soon as he got into the secret passage, he discovered something was wrong: because there were two more strange smells here.When he came to confirm the condition of this secret passage last year, no one had walked through this secret passage, so there was no smell at all.But now, there are 4 people's scents in this secret passage --- one is his own, - one is from Harry Potter, and there are two very fresh smells, and it was just a few hours ago.Black suddenly hesitated—is this secret passage really safe?Fortunately, those two fresh footprints did not look like those of adults, judging from their size, they should still be students, and besides the smell of those two people, there was also a subtle smell of beer and candy in the air.If I'm not mistaken, some students should have sneaked to Honeydukes and bought candy and wine from the shopkeeper....I can't see it, the owner of Honeydukes would secretly do this kind of thing when he looked at the bushy eyebrows.Moreover, the robbers seemed to have successors, and it wasn't just his godson who discovered this secret path.Black accidentally discovered another secret transaction, but he didn't care much about it, he just knew that the secret passage was safe for the time being.Although he didn't know who they were, Blake guessed that the two students must be Gryffindors, because only Gryffindors would still not reveal the secret they knew when they knew that there was a murderer sneaking in through the secret passage. Dow told the principal.Black sneaked all the way in the secret passage, until he came under the steps and turned back into a human form again.Holding his wand and password paper, he estimated the time in his mind.At this time, it should be after nine o'clock in the evening, and the students have just started to go to bed one after another, so he has to wait a little longer.Blake just sat in the dark like this, replaying his own plan in his mind, and at the same time letting the fire of revenge in his chest burn more and more intensely, until the bell tower struck midnight, and he suddenly sat up from the steps , step by step towards the exit statue.Black's will to revenge is not unsteady, but things in the world often do not depend on people's will.Just as Blake rushed towards the Gryffindor tower, Peter Pettigrew appeared on the bridge leading to the outside of Hogwarts at this time.He was literally freaked out: when he saw Crookshanks and Sirius in the daytimeWhen they sat together, he realized something was wrong.After returning to the Gryffindor Tower, he decisively and quickly created the illusion of being eaten by a cat, and fled from Ron's side.Although it makes him feel a little bit far away from the place that can provide him with warmth and foodI was a little bit reluctant, but when it came to the critical moment, my life was more important.If Sirius has bought Crookshanks, it will be very easy for him to obtain a way to enter Gryffindor. In other words, he may be killed by the intruding Sirius at any time, so it is still It is better to escape as soon as possible.It has to be said that even though Peter is not good at casting spells, dueling, sports or homework, even when he is a bad guy, he is not cruel enough or vicious enough, and Tian Ke hardly shines.But when it comes to formal judgment, his sense of crisis and ability to stand in line are still very strong.He can always rely on instinct to determine which side is stronger-so when Dumbledore was still famous, he decisively turned to Voldemort.Facts have also proved that Dumbledore cannot guarantee the safety of all members of the Order of the Phoenix, and the resistance of the Ministry of Magic has become more and more fragile after the deaths of the wizards who experienced the Grindelwald Rebellion.As time goes by, power will only make Voldemort stronger and stronger while Dumbledore is getting older.The families who supported Voldemort became more and more powerful and wealthy, while those who opposed him were assassinated one by one.More importantly, even if the Death Eater is caught, as long as he gives up resistance, the Ministry of Magic can only catch him to Azkaban, and Voldemort will rescue him sooner or later, but the Order of the Phoenix will fall In Voldemort's hands, there was a certain death pattern.You said, why did Peter, who cared so much about his own life, put himself in danger of dying at any time?Peter counted everything, but who would have thought that a mere baby could solve Voldemort?The world is impermanent!Chapter 220Peter Pettigrew felt a little bit of grievance in his heart while lamenting his fate.Who did I provoke?I have never killed a person with my own hands!I just want to live, is it really that difficult?That bastard Blake didn't even think about it. In the past three years, I have slept in the same room with Harry Potter countless times. If I am really a bad person, wouldn't Harry have died thousands of times?Why can't he just stay in Azkaban?Bastards, all bastards!When I was in school, I looked down on people because of my intelligence and motor skills, and I still do it now!Cursing in his heart, he quickly passed the stone bridge of Hogwarts and ran to the other side of the hillside.He dare not go to the Forbidden Forest, who knows what monsters will eat him there; there are too many people on the Quidditch pitch, it is inevitable that sharp-eyed people will spot him; There is plenty of food, but it's not guaranteed that Black is eating there for a while, and it's not safe there.Therefore, only the mountains near Hogwarts are safer.It is far away from the Forbidden Forest, and the field of vision is relatively wide. You can see the movement around you anytime, anywhere, and you can hide in by digging a hole.And the snow melted in spring will make it muddy, and no one will go there.Although there is less food on the mountain, as a mouse, he does not need a lot of food. Grass seeds and snow water are enough for him to survive. If he is lucky, he may even pick up some berries from the bushes .And now that spring has gradually entered, the weather will only get warmer and warmer. In summer, he can go to the farmland around Hogsmeade and have fun with the voles.Exchange where there is something to eat, and save some for the winter...Damn, is this the life a person should live?He quickly ran up the mountain, and relying on his own memory, he planned to find a shady place to dig a hole and settle down.   
   
Chapter 104   
   
   But then he discovered that there were a few more cabins on the mountain at some point.This was something that had never happened before in his memory—where did people live on the mountain near the school?There is snow piled up here for half of the year, which is neither suitable for living nor growing things, and only summer and early autumn can be used for people to play. What is this wooden house built for?Out of caution, Peter had to figure out what was going on here.He moved closer to the cabin, only to find a sign nearby, with the words 
   Welcome to Hogsmeade Ski Resort
    painted on it.Ski_slpe? What is it?Fortunately, he doesn't need to think about it for a long time, because the location inside has its explanation - Hogsmeade Ski Resort, which provides lake fishing, mountain hiking, bicycle rental, golf, alpine skiing services, is your best vacation best choice.Seeing these project cards, Peter's brain began to calculate quickly.Although I still don't quite understand what skiing is, it sounds like this is a place for entertainment.And because it is newly built, there is no one here yet, and it looks safe.Of course, what attracted him most was the food here.In order to provide food and accommodation for tourists, this ski resort has built a food warehouse at a higher place, using the natural low temperature here to preserve some non-perishable food.If two or three kilograms of food were eaten by rats in this warehouse every month, no one should be suspicious.After receiving this information, Peter Pettigrew decided to settle down here, at least until the summer.He jumped into the food warehouse and began to look at the things inside—in addition to pumpkins, onions, and potatoes, there were also a lot of bacon, salted fish, cheese, and ham.Although wizards have embalming spells, they seem to be cast differently by different wizards, so villages tend to use shelf-stable foods....It looks like I won't be hungry anymore.Peter thought happily.As for the mousetraps in the corner, Peter Pettigrew naturally scoffed at them—there was cheese hanging on them. Doesn’t anyone really think that mice like cheese these days?No way no way?If this flimsy mousetrap could catch a single mouse, the mice in the world would have been extinct by now.However, just as he was happily slipping out of the food warehouse along the wall, he suddenly jumped up, and the whole mouse lay on the wooden floor.He lowered his head in astonishment, only to find that his limbs were firmly stuck to the ground by a yellow jelly. No matter how hard he pulled, he could only pull out a very elastic yellow thread.What's worse, due to his struggle, not only his limbs were stuck to this strange mass, but even his belly and a few whiskers were stuck to it, and now he couldn't move even more.
   Oh, newcomer, why did you accidentally get stuck on that thing.
    A little thing came to Peter's side.Peter raised his head with difficulty, and found that it was a big black mouse. 
   Help me!
    he called to the black mouse, 
   I can't move.
   The black mouse blinked:    Sorry, I can't do it. If I go to help you, I will be glued to that thing too. We have tried several times before, but KouQi, Jerry, Jeff, and Barry were glued to a board and all died. 
   Peter felt unlucky when he heard that:    Then can you find some fellow clansmen to help me dig out the board under me and move it outside? Just move it to the tree.
   Although he didn't need a magic wand to perform the Animagus transfiguration, it also required some specific gestures and movements. If he just stuck to this piece of yellow glue, he wouldn't be able to do anything.qI, no, this floor is too thick, we will spend too much time... The boss said, don't get close to these boards, anyone who dares to get close will die himself, don't hurt us all. The big black mouse refused Peter's request, 
   but... I can help you. 
   Seeing the big black mouse showing its front teeth, an ominous omen surged in Peter's heart:    How can I help?
   
   Bite your throat from behind, and give you a pleasure.
    The front teeth of the big black mouse were shining, 
   Otherwise, we would not be able to bear to see you starve to death here.
   No! I think I can do another rescue!
    Peter shouted.
   Don't struggle, it's very decisive... But my front teeth are very big, you have to bear with me, Jerry was the one who executed the torture, because he struggled too violently, so he bleed a lot in the end, I will try to do better this time ...
   Seeing the big black mouse suddenly showing a ferocious face and gradually approaching him, Peter screamed in fright.—Ordinary people may not know a little knowledge-that is, rats actually eat the same kind of corpses, and they especially like to eat hearts. During the epidemic in the United States, because restaurants were closed, rats on the streets of New York killed each other because there was no food in the trash can.But outsiders don't know this, so Peter, who has been proficient in being a mouse for many years, can't know it?In addition, he is a 
   outside gopher
    here, and there is no other reason to kill him.The mouse knew it, so it was normal for the black mouse to have a strange heart.He didn't die at the hands of Voldemort or Black, but instead of dying at the mouth of a black mouse for some inexplicable reason?No matter what, come and save yourself!As if hearing Peter's inner voice, the sound of several people walking and talking suddenly came from outside the warehouse.
   ...Don't worry, Gildero, I'm here to watch, nothing will happen ooo the mouse is no big deal, I used mouse glue to kill a lot a few days ago, and one of the glue boards was glued four times. It's just a big rat!
   
   Thank you, Horace, rich Muggles have high requirements for food. Although house elves are good at cooking, the ingredients must not be neglected... By the way, who is the idea of ​​buying mouse glue from Muggles? out? I like it.
   Lockhart bent down and stared at the gray mouse still struggling on the glue, with a kind smile on his face.The person next to him didn't understand, so he said, 
   My idea, what's the matter? You can buy a dozen for half a pound, and you can manage it for two months. It's very cheap.
   
   I mean very good, if there is a stronger glue, we can use it to catch goblins.
   While talking, Lockhart took out a wire cage from his pocket and threw Peter into it.
   Are you...
    Horace asked strangely.Although the rat's limbs are still immobile, just to be cautious, Lockhart still cast a strong spell on the rat cage:    Take it home as dog food, and occasionally let the dog at home see the blood, otherwise it will go crazy. gone.
   Horace shrugged:    Whatever you want, there is no shortage of old people around the food warehouse.Chapter 220 Two Old Friends EncounterAs Lockhart thought, Sirius Black was indeed crazy.Because he tried all the tricks and finally entered the Gryffindor tower, he found that Peter Pettigrew was not there.In fact, when he entered Hogwarts Castle and found that Crookshanks did not come to greet him as agreed, he felt something was wrong.Of course he didn't know because it was because after Crookshanks 
   killed
    Ron's mouse, Hermione cried and stuffed it into the cage so that it couldn't get out, thinking it might have happened What happened.But the plan has been carried out so far, he can't give up halfway, so he can only bite the bullet and come to the Gryffindor Tower.Fortunately, the password Crookshanks gave him was genuine. Although Sir Cadogan had never seen this strange man, he had the password, so he let him in.In the common room, Black still failed to see Crookshanks, which also prevented him from knowing the location of Ron's bedroom.He had to go outside the dormitory and shine his wand on the door numbers of those dormitories, trying to find Ron's name from the middle.After passing through more than 20 dormitories, Blake finally found Harry and Ron's dormitory, and holding up his wand, he crept in.However, after cutting Ron's veil with the Cutting Curse, he failed to find Peter.He rummaged around disbelievingly, but he couldn't find even a mouse hair, let alone Peter's mouse.Because of the urgency and disappointment, Black rummaged a little more, so that Ron woke up.When Ron saw the face of a strange man, as well as the hideous complexion because of his anger, he naturally screamed in fright.Seeing that everyone around him was woken up by Ron, Black knew that his trip had failed. In order to avoid being arrested immediately, he had to escape from the public room and head for the secret passage of Honeydukes.Just at the corner, because he couldn't hold his feet, he even knocked over Remus Lupine who came to check the situation at the corner.Neither of them had thought that they would meet again in this place and in this form.Because of his own selfishness and fear, Lupine never reported to Dumbledore that Black would turn into a dog.But he was always worried that this would lead to Black's success, so he used the alarm system that Lockhart left in the office-the portrait monitoring the entrance and exit of the pipeline.So just after Ron screamed, Lupine got the news immediately, and bumped into Sirius while going upstairs.Black couldn't care less. After finding out who he had knocked over, he still didn't hesitate, and continued to rush down the stairs.But the phrase 
   Mang Zhang is in the way
    suddenly came from behind, but made Blake slam down the stairs heavily.
   Go away, Remus! I don't want to kill you!
    Black cursed and got up.Lupine raised his wand tremblingly, aimed at Black:    I'm afraid it's not for us to decide, traitor!
   ShisaaiYe Huangqiao flooded the sword to death √Stewed, cut, and condemned. p>Lupine froze for a moment, but Sirius took the opportunity to pull out his wand.Lupine was shocked suddenly:    fainted outBut before he could recite the stun spell, he felt a huge force coming from under his feet, and then his whole body seemed to be picked up by a giant monster, and he was hung upside down from the ceiling.It was Fuchsia, the one they used... Lupine finally remembered the silent spell as he was being hung upside down.Unfortunately, it was too late. By the time he regained his mobility and put himself down, Blake had already escaped.Lupine was panting heavily, as if he couldn't make up his mind whether to pursue it or to go to Gryffindor Tower to have a look.But the sudden voice above his head helped him relieve this worry:    Remus? Just now... did you meet someone? My students said that Black broke into their dormitory.
   
   ...I'm afraid that's the case, Professor McGonagall.
    Lupine raised his head and said to the head popping out of the stairs on the fifth floor.
   What?!
    McGonagall was taken aback, 
   How dare he... how could he?
   
   Are any students injured? Where's Harry?
    Lupine asked hastily, and at the same time, his heart was also aroused by Lao Ji.If Harry really died because of his own selfish reasons, then he would really have to live in guilt and remorse for the rest of his life.
   No, no students were injured.
   Professor McGonagall's answer made Lupine's high heart fall back to the ground again. He heaved a sigh of relief, and the words that Black shouted before he left began to appear in his mind.Lupine finally made up his mind - I want to see the headmaster!After throwing Lupine away, Black stepped into the secret passage in a panic, andNot caring about trying to hide anything, he immediately disapparated after walking out of the school and returned to Hogsmeade.Although he felt sorry for Lockhart, he no longer planned to return the wand. He wanted to run away before Dumbledore and Lupine came after him, and then search for Peter Pettigrew again.Before fleeing, of course, he would take the key to the vault and the key to his house at 12 Grimmauld Place, which he had buried in the dirt under the bushes next to the Shrieking Shack.He sprinted toward the bushes next to the Shrieking Shack, and bent over to dig out the hidden key.As a result, just as he was digging, a wand suddenly appeared from the air and pointed at his back.
   Dizzy!
    cried Gilderoy Lockhart.— A red light flashed, and Sirius Black fell in front of the bushes, suddenly unconscious.
   Sure enough... I'm still better at shady people.
   Lockhart smiled self-deprecatingly after seeing himself smacking a famous wizard again/rA-tender.Then he yelled to his room:    Dobby! Help me carry this guy in!
   When Sirius woke up in a daze, a familiar voice entered his brain along with his consciousness.
   What would you like to drink, Headmaster? Coffee? Elderberry tea? Wine? Iced lemonade?
   (Ah... that Ministry of Magic official who likes to put on airs, then, the 
   principal
    in his mouth is...)
   You seem to have given me four choices, but in fact I have no choice, Gildero - an old but powerful voice sounded.(Oops, it really is Dumbledore!)
   Are you talking about the drink, or these two people?
    Lockhart asked back.
   It's all.
    Dumbledore looked calm, 
   Iced lemon juice, thank youChapter 220 Three StatementsSeeing Black wake up, Dumbledore's expression gradually became serious.
   Let go of him, Gilderoy, believe me, he can't escape again.
    Lockhart obediently let go of his restraining spell:    
   Of course, with you here, I believe that no one can escape. not drop. 
   Black, who was beginning to realize what had happened, looked up at Dumbledore, only to meet his gaze.Dumbledore also stared straight at Black's face, and the two of them stared like this for a while, and finally Black turned his gaze away, announcing the failure of the confrontation.
   
    It's surprising...I actually smell guilt. Dumbledore said softly, 
   So, Sirius, don't you have anything to say to me?
   ■
   What can I say, don't you all know?
    Blake said mockingly.Dumbledore shook his head:    On the contrary, thanks to Tojidro, I have been so busy this year that I rarely have time to pay attention to the school... Having said that, no matter what I can ask from others, it is better to ask the person concerned Comes better, don't you agree.Sirius Black raised his head in pain—disappointment at the brink of failure, resentment towards himself, and hatred for Peter were all intertwined at this moment, making him want to tear himself apart.
   
   
Chapter 105   
   
   He looked up to the sky and screamed, and that posture made Lockhart even a little worried whether this guy would suddenly go crazy.But Dumbledore was still as steady as a bell, and Lockhart had no choice but to pretend to be himself.He looks very calm.After venting for a while, Blake sat down dejectedly back in the chair that restrained him just now.
   If you have any questions, feel free to ask! In advance... I advise you to find and catch the mouse next to the boy first.
   His voice was so low that he seemed to be sentenced to death tomorrow.
   Rat? What rat?
    Dumbledore demanded.
   Peter Pettigrew, he's an Animagus like me, and his Animagus form is a mouse...Because I was cornered, he blew up a street and cut off his own Finger, I thought he was dead, but I read in the Daily Prophet that he was alive...
   He didn't say 
   Lupine knew this too
    because he wasn't sure why his former friend was hiding it.But Dumbledore obviously knew more than he did:    It's the same as what Remus just told me... So can you please tell me, what are the characteristics of that mouse?
   Black thought that Lupine still couldn't stand it, but since he didn't cast a harmful spell on himself immediately, he decided to put him in a good word.
   Lupine doesn't know everything. The other three of us are more familiar because we often transform together... That mouse has gray hair, eyes are bigger than ordinary mice, and the right front paw is missing a middle toe...
   
   Is that what it looks like?
   Lockhart lifts a mouse cage out of nowhere and places it on Black's rightBlake turned his head subconsciously:    Yes, it is this kind of mouse, but because Peter is not good at learning, the left side of his body always becomes a little flawed and looks tattered...
   But when he was halfway through speaking, he suddenly stopped talking.Black stared at the mouse cage that Lockhart brought over, his eyes widened and his body trembled slightly.Immediately afterwards, he suddenly jumped up from his seat, let out a roar, stretched his whole body and rushed towards Lockhart.Without Lockhart's shot, Dumbledore just raised his wand a little, and Black was pushed back as if caught by an invisible giant hand in the air.Not only was Lockhart not afraid, but on the contrary he looked like he was watching the show.
   Wow, it is said that after an Animagus has been around for too long, people's daily movements will gradually become beasts. I thought it was an exaggeration, but I didn't expect it to be true.
    He said.
   Not surprisingly, Minerva also catwalks unconsciously when turning around or going up the steps.
    Dumbledore echoed.
   After the five-wizard competition begins, won't our students have to face a group of beasts from African wizards? Do we need to provide them with a hunting ground?
   
   Hagrid will take care of it, but I personally suggest that the Ministry of Magic don't think too much about field projects when they set up projects.
   The two talked to each other as usual, as if the person struggling on the chair was just a neighbor's kid who came to play with building blocks.After struggling for a few minutes, Black finally gave up, but his gaze towards the rat cage was still full of hatred.Give me that niuba guy! ' he cried to Dumbledore, 'let me tear him up with my own hands!Then I will give you whatever you want. 
   Dumbledore glanced at the cage, then at Black.
   Speaking of it, Gilderoy, you haven't explained it to me yet? How did you find out about all this?
   Dumbledore wanted to hang Black out, and of course Lockhart noticed. 
   To be honest, I just discovered it just now.
    Lockhart said without changing his expression.He jumped up and made up a lie, 
   But the letter he sent to Baldmore Company finally aroused my suspicion. Although it is the standard official letterhead of the Ministry of Magic, I personally think that there is too much blank space on the top of the letterhead. , so I always make a habit of cutting off half an inch before writing a letter.
   
   And you also cut the letterhead of the order credit?
    Dumbledore understood.
   Yeah, when I got suspicious, I went to check my old wand. As careful as this guy is, the Oblivion Charm is my forte. Everyone uses a slightly different Oblivion Charm. The effect of the flashback Also different...
   Lockhart was eloquently explaining the process of his 
   discovery
   , and Dumbledore seemed to be very patient, so he just kept listening.But Sirius didn't have that kind of temper, he stared at the trembling mouse still glued to the mouse cage, wishing he could eat it alive.But unfortunately, Dumbledore just wanted to boil him so that he could see his reaction.So it is, but I still don't know how on earth you found this mouse. Dumbledore asked with great interest, 
   If they hadn't told me themselves, I might not have found out in my life. 
   
   I don't know either.
    Lockhart said something that surprised Dumbledore.
   Don't know?
    Dumbledore asked back.
   Yes, but I thought about it and found that Black and Hermione's cat were connected in series, and the target should be Ron's mouse—if his target was Harry, then the last time he was in Hogsmeade , he should have done it long ago, so I guess he has other goals, plus Hermione and I have secretly complained that her cat always stares at Ron's mouse, but usually sees other rats in the dormitory. The mouse is too lazy to catch
   I see.
   
   Then I fiddled with Ron's rat tonic by mixing in some of the tracer that Remus gave me... I was just thinking, since Black cares so much about that rat, I might as well put it in first. This mouse is in my hands, so no matter what the problem with the mouse is, the initiative is in my hands, I didn't expect to win the big prize.
   It is quite difficult to make up a lie in front of Dumbledore, but fortunately Lockhart's lie is still passable, even if Dumbledore always found out that Lockhart knew something else, he didn't continue to ask. Go on, sometimes you still have to save some face for others.Anyway, Lockhart's purpose of concealing these things cannot be for power, power, and power—Dumbledore has seen Lockhart through.Chapter 220 ConfrontationThe reason why Lockhart has concealed it until now is of course for the sake of power.If Sirius' grievances are cleared up quickly, Mr. Crouch, who has supported himself in the early stage of the project, may lose his power immediately because of this.But now, Lockhart is no longer afraid to sell his boss, because he has basically completed the affairs of the Five Powers Tournament, and from negotiating sponsors to venue construction, to arranging receptions and internships, he is all on his own. Even if others want to do it, they can't take away his credit.Not to mention that there is a high probability that Mr. Crouch will not resign, even if Crouch does take the blame and resign, Lockhart is not afraid.Because those stakeholders, including pure-blood families and sponsors, have negotiated contracts with him, especially since the Ministry of Magic has no relevant regulations for the time being, they must I don't want to change people casually.No matter who the new boss is, he will rely on himself to negotiate with sponsors.If Mr. Crouch was really forced to retire because of this, then Lockhart would only be very 
   regretful
    and would take the initiative to go over to greet him after his retirement, but it is absolutely impossible for him to stand up for Crouch.In his mouth, he discovered Sirius' true identity purely by 
   accident
   . If Sirius hadn't spent money on the Firebolt last Christmas, he would not have guessed who he was.Compared to Lockhart's lies, in front of Dumbledore, Sirius was very honest and confessed everything.He started talking about the fact that he 
   betrayed
    the Potters back then, to 
   I
    because he suspected that Remus was a traitor, so he temporarily changed Peter Pettigrew to be the secret keeper of the Potters, and then he discovered the omission , went to hunt down Peter himself, and was finallyFang feigned death to escape.Then, he confessed what he had done for a while—swimming from Azkaban back to England, then walking to London to find his godson, and finally smuggling to Edinburgh by boat to Hogsmeade...Dumbledore listened to him narrating his journey, although his face remained expressionless, his heart was filled with turmoil.He has lived for 120 years, and he thinks he has seen all kinds of storms, but when it comes to feelings, he still often feels helpless.There would be someone who voluntarily punished himself for the death of his best friend, and squatted in a place like Azkaban for more than ten years. Human beings are really weird.From less than 20 years old to 30 years old, the most precious golden ten years in a person's life, Sirius spent in prison, and he was charged with crimes that he should not have suffered.At this moment, Dumbledore even thought of Grindelwald who was still imprisoned in the tower—is it because of this that the guy drew the ground as a prison, imprisoning himself with the shackles in his heart for decades?Although Sirius downplayed it, Dumbledore could feel the fiery passion in his heart.You know, Azkaban is in the middle of the North Sea—it is also 350 kilometers away from the shortest landing point in the UK.He couldn't have imagined anyone swimming back to England from Azkaban without this emotional basis.Just as Snape gained Dumbledore's trust only by relying on the doe patron saint, even though Black's only evidence was the mouse, Dumbledore still chose to believe him.
   However, even with the Wizengamot, we must allow the accused to speak...
    said Dumbledore slowly.He turned to the mouse cage, and with a flick of his wand, the cage split itself in two.Lockhart felt a little helpless in his heart—whether it was the strengthening spell or the locking spell he had cast, it seemed as if they didn't exist in front of Dumbledore, and he didn't even understand how he did it.Thinking about it carefully, I have been busy with official duties these days, and I haven't practiced new spells for a long time, and the field-control magic system I created hasn't been updated, so I still have to practice if I have the chance.…what?By the way, isn't Sirius a good sparring partner?Just as he was thinking wildly, the shivering mouse had regained its human body and stood up awkwardly.This man has a conical face with a pointed nose, short stature, and a slight baldness in the middle of his gray hair. As a man under 30 years old, this is undoubtedly a sign of his suffering these days.But no one here will sympathize with him.Seeing the gazes of the three gathered on him, Peter spoke out with his mouse-like shrill voice.Obviously, he had listened to the conversations of the few people just now, and felt like he was sitting on pins and needles.
   I'm not a traitor!
    Peter Pettigrew argued, 
   I'm just an insignificant little character. James trusts Sirius the most, everyone knows it!
   Peter Pettigrew was very nervous—his eyes wandered, he stuttered and spoke incoherently, and his voice was intermittent, and many places were passed by the prison, which made Lockhart almost suspect that he would faint in the next moment.Of course, this may also be related to the fact that he has not spoken for too long and his vocal organs have degenerated.It's a pity that he said this without confidence, and he also knew that he had never had any attainments in Occlumency, and Dumbledore's Legilimency was no worse than Voldemort's, which Voldemort himself had to learn. acknowledged fact.
   Peterina!
    Black yelled at him, calling him by his last name, 
   Why do you still have the face to mention him? After betraying him?
   
   Quiet!
    Dumbledore raised a finger warningly, 
   I also want to hear how this guy is going to explain what happened.
   
   I, I, I... I can understand and explain... I, I don't! I still have... By the way, I still have my mother! I can't die! I don't want James to become like that, we are the best friend!
   It can be seen that Peter originally intended to lie, but he just exchanged glances with Dumbledore before being defeated by his penetrating gaze, knowing that he could not fool him.He couldn't tell a lie, but he didn't want to admit it, so he began to stammer.Seeing this, Dumbledore turned to Lockhart.
   No matter what the truth of the matter is, I want to ask three people to come and listen together, because this matter is related to them.
   
   Who?
    Lockhart was a little surprised.
   Remus Lupine, Severus Snape, and Harry Potter.Lockhart saw nothing wrong and nodded, but Sirius quit.
   Snotling? What does it matter to him?
    he demanded.
   It's Snape... I'll let him bring Veritaserum.
    Dumbledore said succinctly, 
   and in a sense, it does have something to do with him.
   As he spoke, he observed the reactions of the two of them.Dumbledore didn't plan to use Legilimency, because it would make him feel that he was on the same level as Grindelwald and Voldemort. As for Veritaserum, of course it was also a lie to Peter Pettigrew.Although it is not sure if Snape still has the Veritaserum in stock, but when Dumbledore said the word 
   Veritaserum
   , Peter Pettigrew suddenly turned pale, while Black showed a satisfied smile .Just looking at this reaction, Dumbledore knew who to trust.Although he knew it well, Dumbledore snapped his fingers and a phoenix feather appeared on his hand.He whispered something to the feather, and it disappeared from the shed in a flash of flame.
   They should be here soon...you caught him, Gilderoy, what are you going to do about it?
    asked Dumbledore.Lockhart obviously thought carefully:    I hope that this matter will not expand as much as possible. If possible, I hope that my boss, Mr. Crouch, can express some opinions on this matter and give him a chance to recover. So many Luo didn't realize that Black entered Azkaban voluntarily.
   
   Mr. Crouch?
    Dumbledore hesitated.He didn't have much friendship with Crouch, and because of his support for Fudge, there was even friction between the two.But since it was the prisoner caught by Lockhart, the right to dispose of it was in Lockhart's hands, which was Dumbledore's opinion.As for the judicial settlement, Dumbledore hadn't thought about it at all, even if he himself was one of the members of the Wizengamot court.In a small society with less than 1 people, human relations will always take precedence over the rule of law. This is the only rule.Chapter 220 Five ResponsesSo far, Dumbledore has no doubts about what the truth is, but he still intends to complete the process.Because he wanted to confirm how the savior would choose when faced with such 
   justice
    and 
   private enmity
   .And Snape too, after all these years, Dumbledore wasn't sure if he let go of the incident.And at the beginning, I also promised Snape to protect Lily Potter, and gave the Potters the Loyalty Curse as an answer, but in the end they were betrayed by Peter Pettigrew, so I had to give Snape a explain.As for the life of Peter Pettigrew, it is not so important to DumbledoreWhether it was sent to the Ministry of Magic, or Harry vented his anger and killed him in the name of revenge: Peter Pettigrew deserved it.After a while, a puff of black smoke flew over from the direction of the castle, and landed in front of the Shrieking Shack, turning into a human form.   Good morning, Severus,
    Dumbledore called to him from the window.Sirius was taken aback when he heard the words, but when he looked out of the window, he realized that during the time when he went and returned and Peter was captured, the sky was already brightSnape slammed into the wooden door of the Shrieking Shack with a cold face, looked at Peter Pettigrew as soon as he entered the door, and didn't even say hello to the others present.Lupine and Harry, on the other hand, were manifested by two house-elves with a entourage, and Harry had a tired and confused face.Harry didn't sleep well last night, because of the invasion of Sirius, he still couldn't sleepDeath, and Ron, who was still in shock, kept rambling, and he didn't fall into a drowsy sleep until more than three o'clock in the morning.
   
   
Chapter 106   
   
   But before he slept for a long time, he was called up again by Professor Lupine, saying that Dumbledore had caught Black.Harry's drowsiness faded in an instant.He hastily got up from the bed, hastily put on the sweater Mrs. Weasley gave him, put on the robe, followed Lupine to the kitchen, and used the house elf to the Shrieking Shack.But it was different from what he had imagined—although the wanted man whose photo was published in the newspaper was indeed there, he did not completely lose his freedom of movement, and even sat down excitedly from his chair when he found himself here Get up, want to jump over.Harry was so frightened that he immediately pulled out his wand.Dumbledore stopped him:    Harry, put your wand down, I think you have the right to know the whole story before you make any decisions... Gilderoy, can you ask Severer again Si also explain it?
   
   With pleasure,
    Lockhart agreed.So Lockhart took Snape out into the courtyard and began to explain the ins and outs of the incident to Snape.Of course, in order for him to listen patiently, Lockhart started with who betrayed the Potters back then.After he spent 20 minutes tirelessly explaining all the details, the blackness on Snape's face had almost turned into substance. If he hadn't been a person who received formal wizarding education since childhood, Lockhart even doubted that he Will immediately explode into obscurity.So, I guess it was Pettigrew, not Black, who really betrayed the family. 
   Lockhart finally finished.
   I don't think it makes any difference.
    Snape turned to the Shrieking Shack, his tone cold, 
   Both of those bastards should be damned, the biggest mistake in her life was knowingThose four guys. 
   
   I'm afraid the principal doesn't think so, and neither does the Wizengamot.
    Lockhart shrugged. 
   In this whole matter, there will only be one person who will be punished in the end, and that is Pettigrew. As for Black In terms of atonement with 12 years in prison■■■Two gloomy gazes from Snape prevented Lockhart from finishing the sentence 
   enough is enough
   .Apparently, in Snape's view, a mere 12 years in Azkaban was not enough for Black to repay the debt he owed.Lockhart had no choice but to change the subject:    Have you brought the veritaserum? Although the headmaster has already made a conclusion, he hopes that Harry can hear the true confession.
   
   Bring it.
    Snape turned and walked towards the door.
   It's really Xun, do you have this kind of thing ready at all times?
   Snape ignored him.The two entered the shed one after another, only to see that Harry was looking at Black and Pettigrew with a confused face, his eyes were also erratic, the narration from Dumbledore flooded his brain with too much information at once, and His brain was struggling to process them.
   Come on, Severus, use Veritaserum,
    Dumbledore motioned.I saw Snape took out a pocket green vial from his sleeve, slowly unscrewed it, and then stood in front of Sirius Black with a look of disgust.
   Do you want me to come by myself? Snotlite?
    Sirius sat on the chair and whistled at him flirtatiously.Shao has a long mouth. 
   Snape restrained his anger and ordered in a low voice.Black opened his mouth nonchalantly, allowing Snape to drop three drops of the silver-white liquid into his mouth.
   Swallow it,
    Snape continued.Black swallowed it, sticking out his tongue on purpose, making a face at Snape.Snape didn't talk too much nonsense, he rushed forward and opened Black's eyelids roughly, stared at the white part of his eyes for a while, and only let go after confirming that the Veritaserum Potion had indeed taken effect hands.
   You bastard declares personal revenge, and I will fight you after I'm done.
    Blake yelled.Snape ignored him, but continued to turn to Peter Pettigrew.
   Open your mouth.
    He said coldly.Peter took two steps back:    Hey... I said, is this really going to happen? Severus, I've already said everything! And this matter... has already been settled.
   
   Open your mouth,
    Snape repeated.
   You're abusing lynching, it's against the law! The Ministry of Magic doesn't allow unregistered…
    Pettigrew tried to keep struggling.But before Peter Pettigrew could finish his words, Snape rushed over impatiently, and pinched Peter's chin.Under Harry's surprised gaze, while pinching Peter's cheek, Snape stuffed the vial held in his hand into Peter's mouth-shaped lips with his right hand, and filled the entire bottle of Veritaserum. went in.After pouring it in, Snape lifted his neck vigorously again, forcing him to swallow the veritaserum.——At that moment, Snape's usually expressionless face appeared a little ferocious.Harry couldn't help but be speechless when he saw his rough action, he had never seen him get so angry in Potions class, and he thought that if Snape treated him with this expression, Even if he made himself drink poison, Harry would obediently obey.After confirming that the potion was poured down, Snape directly started to ask questions:   Tell me what the fuck you did.
   The movements of his hands were not light, Peter Pettigrew rolled his eyes because of his strangling, and it seemed that he couldn't even breathe smoothly.Seeing his rough actions, Black suddenly realized that if Snape went on like this, maybe he would never be able to get revenge again.
   Snotling! Let go of that guy and let me do it!
    he yelled.But Snape tightened his grip, as if he wanted to kill Peter right here.Dumbledore coughed twice, motioning for Snape to let him pay attention, there were still children watching, and then Snape slowly let go of his hand.But he was still angry, Peter Pettigrew retching but unable to vomit anything didn't make him feel guilty at all, even if he did, he was probably just guilty that he didn't take the opportunity to strangle Peter to death just now.They do abuse lynching, but no one cares at the moment.See you in question, Harry. Lupine patted Harry on the back, 
   Ask the two of them, what happened back then... and in the past six months?
    
   Harry Potter took a deep breath and closed his eyes.When Harry opened his eyes again, his gaze had become extremely sharp.
   Now tell me, who betrayed my parents to Voldemort? How did it all happen?
   Chapter 220 Six Qualified SaviorAlthough Dumbledore and the others had already guessed the general situation of the matter, when the truth of the matter came out from the mouths of the parties involved, they still became angry for no reason.The content of Sirius Black's confession is exactly the same as what he said before. It seems that this proud and arrogant young man doesn't even bother to lie, and even made his motives for every step clear.Although Dumbledore was very annoyed by this guy's self-righteousness and self-assertion, but at the same time, he also marked him with several words such as 
   no city
   , 
   firm-willed
   , rather bumpy and 
   gentleman
   . The label of the class....Speaking of which, isn't this typical Gryffindor?Old Bee has always been tolerant of real Gryffindors.And the other one couldn't do it—after listening to Pettigrew's explanation, everyone except Dumbledore, including Harry, agreed that the Sorting Hat must have been wrong in the first place.This kind of person can't be Gryffindor!Under the effect of Veritaserum, Peter Pettigrew had to confide all his secrets, even his own thoughts.In fact, his idea is really simple - just to live.Originally, he was already prepared, once he was captured, he would immediately surrender to the Death Eaters.After all, according to the regulations of the Ministry of Magic, Aurors have no right to kill.So even if he joined the Death Eaters, at least he wouldn't have to worry about dying.And even if Voldemort is defeated, he can also explain that he was forced to be a thief at a critical moment of life and death, so as to avoid punishment 1111V'JAlthough a bit useless, at least he can survive.But Barty Crouch changed this situation when he took office as the Department of Magical Law Enforcement-he gave Aurors the right to use the Unforgivable Curse, and also allowed them to bypass the right to judge and fight Death Eaters .Since then, the battle between the Aurors and the Death Eaters has escalated, and Peter finds that whether he joins the Ministry of Magic, the Death Eaters, or the Order of the Phoenix is ​​equally dangerous and has the possibility of death.For this reason, he had to seek a guarantee of safety --- one that would not have to go to war again.Guarantee.Obviously, the Order of the Phoenix could not provide such a guarantee, not to mention how Dumbledore would treat him, the other three robbers alone would not allow him to flee.And he chose to betray the Potters as a spy for Voldemort, in exchange for the other party's promise of 
   not attacking you
    and 
   not letting you join the war after being exposed
   .Although Voldemort's credibility was questionable, Pettigrew believed what he said - because he was just an insignificant character.So he chose to betray his comrades-this was not a particularly difficult decision for him to make.After hearing this, not only Black, Snape and Potter, but even Lupine couldn't help but want to beat Pettigrew.The contrast between the low price the traitor asks and the high cost of what he sells cannot fail to annoy anyone who stands between them.Back then, members of the Order of the Phoenix were repeatedly assassinated by Death Eaters, and people in the Order of the Phoenix were panicked. More than one person suspected that someone inside the Order had leaked secrets.For this reason, not only was Lupine, who was born as a werewolf, suffering from the suspicion of his companions, but Sirius Black was also suspected of being a traitor by many people because his family members were all Slytherins except him.In the crowd's repulsion, it was James Potter who stood up to everyone's opinions and said 
   I absolutely believe in the two of them
   , which temporarily prevented the Order of the Phoenix from pursuing them, which alsoThat's why Lupine said 
   James will put his trust in his friends higher than life
   But the person who betrayed in the end was Peter. Black and Lupine were so angry not only because of their suspicion and the death of their best friend, but more importantly, Peter betrayed James, a trust higher than life.
   Let me kill him!
    Black stood up again, 
   I don't care how many years I have to stay in Azkaban, I will tear him down with my own hands today, I will break all his bones one by one Make firewood, use the flames of bone marrow to roast his black heart!
   Although Snape's expression regained his composure, his right hand gripping his wand betrayed his thoughts.Lockhart had no doubts that he would use all the tortured Dark Arts he had learned from the Dark Lord on Peter Pettigrew if only he had been given the hand.Lupine stopped Black first, though his eyes were burning too.
   Calm down, Sirius... we are not the ones most qualified to decide his fate right now,
    Lupine said.After hearing the words, everyone looked at the pale Harry Potter.As a wizard about to be 14 years old, Harry can guarantee that he has never experienced such an emotional explosion in the past ten years.When Sirius narrated his 
   crime history
   , Harry finally knew who the person who sent him the Firebolt was.It's ridiculous that he also assured Hermione and Professor McGonagall that it could never be the broom that Black gave him.The nostalgia and sadness for the parents, the joy of finding the godfather, the anger at the traitor, the expectation that the vengeance may be avenged immediately, and the embarrassment when there is a conflict between rational values ​​and simple feelings... All these emotions are intertwined, making Harry was at a loss for what to do.Lockhart noticed that Dumbledore was starting to tense up.When the identities of Pettigrew and Black were exposed, Dumbledore was not nervous.Zhang; Dumbledore was not nervous when they explained their experiences and mental journey.But when Harry was about to make a very painful decision for him, Dumbledore became nervous.If Harry is the 
   answer
    Dumbledore wants, how much he hopes that the 
   answer
    is the one he imagined.
   I...
    Harry gasped and said his plan slowly, 
   Peterina's crime... we have no right to judge, none of us have the right to decide whether another person lives or dies, so... I hope he able to be sent to court for a public trial.
   
   What?!
    Blake was taken aback, 
   You're crazy!
   Among all the answers, the only answer that Sirius didn't think of was this. He was even ready for Harry to ask him to kill the enemy with his own hands-if Harry was to kill Pettigrew, Black thought he could accept it.Lockhart looked around and found that not only Black, but also Lupine and Snape were stunned. Almost no one thought that Harry would do such a thing of 
   revenge with kindness
   .Fortunately, everyone was shocked at this time, so no one noticed Snape's expression: Otherwise, after today, the Iceman might not be able to maintain his ruthless image.Unlike the others, only Dumbledore showed a look of rejoicing or relief on his face, as if he was very satisfied with Harry's choice.   Yes, whether it is a dementor's kiss or life imprisonment, the decision should be justice rather than personal.
    Harry explained his thoughts, 
   Revenge is certainly not evil, but I also believe that Justice will give a more reasonable solutionBlack, Lupine and Snape were dumbfounded - they stared blankly at Harry,It was like meeting him for the first time today.Lockhart also sighed. He didn't know whether Harry was naive, or whether his thought realm had risen to Dumbledore's level.According to his understanding, what Harry said may be right, but the problem is...whether it is the Ministry of Magic or other government organizations, what they represent is not entirely justice!Even sometimes it cannot fully represent public power.In any case, it was Harry's choice, and he had no say in it.With a relieved expression, Dumbledore began to come out to preside over the situation.
   In that case, send Pettigrew to the Department of Magical Law Enforcement! I'll inform Scrimgeour right away. Black... be happy, think about it differently, you'll be free from today on.
   Black's facial features, which were about to be squeezed together, froze for a moment after Dumbledore spoke, as if he just thought of this problem.Yeah, if Pettigrew gets arrested, then his reputation is restored.Buying a new motorcycle, traveling the world, enjoying a life lost, adopting Harry, and waiting for him to come home for the holidays...these thoughts flooded his brain like a flood.Lupine also reacted:    Yeah, Sirius, don't take your own life for such a dirty guy, it's not worth it.
   Seeing that the misunderstanding cleared up, Lupine finally started calling Black by his first name instead of his last name.Just like before.Chapter 220 VII Fudge's Little ConspiracyLockhart saw that everyone started to become lively again, but Snape stayed behind. In order not to make him feel too cold, he took the initiative to ask him a question.
   Severus, is there any conclusive evidence of Peter's crimes? You know, the Ministry of Magic needs physical evidence, even with a few of us as witnesses...
   Snape moved a little:    Yes...Even if he is a traitor, he must have the Dark Mark on his body. It cannot be washed off. Even if it fades, a developing potion can make it appear again.
   
   That's great... Poor Mr. Crouch, I hope he can hold on, he's a good director...
    Lockhart pretended.He was the one who wronged Sirius back then, and after this incident broke out, he would definitely take the responsibility for it, even if he didn't step down, he would lose his vitality, which is obvious.Dumbledore gave him a thoughtful look, but said nothing.Only Snape sneered:    I don't need to worry about Crouch: if you think that the pure blood family only has this little energy...   
   I'm sorry, I'm also a pure blood.
    Blake immediately endured it.
   
   
Chapter 107   
   
   
   It seems that some people always forget some key things, such as being expelled from the family.
    Snape said sarcastically, 
   But it's not surprising, a dog's brain is twice as small as a human's.
   
   Snotty, feel free to come if you want to find fault, I'll accompany you at any time, but remember to wash your underwear this time.
    Blake retorted, seeming to mean something.Snape's eyebrows twitched suddenly, and the scars in his heart were roughly ripped apart, a feeling that only Black could give him after James' death.
   You seem to have forgotten that you don't have your good brother by your side now.
    Snape gritted his teeth and said, 
   In a one-on-one match, you have never been an opponent.
   
   Really? Some people always think that B plus P is greater than S, and S must be greater than either B or P, but the fact is that S is just a waste who can't wash underwear, hair and mouth.
   you!
   Dumbledore pursed his lips. This scene was also a headache for him.It seems that the memories of the student days are still as profound even after more than ten yearsHe has to be careful not to let these two people work together in the Order of the Phoenix.The Black jailbreak incident came to an end in this way, but the subsequent impact is still slowly fermenting.According to Lockhart's request, Dumbledore took Lockhart out of most of the incident, saying only that Dumbledore captured Black himself, and that Peter Pettigrew was tracked down by the Ministry of Magic's Law Enforcement Department. under arrest.Lockhart gave half of the credit for catching Pettigrew to the Auror office, and never mentioned that he caught Black, just because he didn't want to get the notoriety of backstabbing his boss, even if there were thousands of reasons for him I don't want to either.Other colleagues don't care about the many twists and turns behind this matter, as long as Lockhart handed over Black, then some people will suspect his purpose, which is very detrimental to his development.Anyway, as soon as the Triwizard Tournament is held, he will get the credit directly, and no one can take it away, so why should people criticize such a trivial matter?Robards of the Auror office appreciated his sympathy for this, because as time went on, the task of the Auror office gradually changed from chasing down black magicians to wizards dealing with petty theft and illegal experiments with spells. It has been stated several times that they will cut their funding.If they have no sense of participation in this Black prison escape incident, then I am afraidNot only will the above think they are useless, but even the public will gossip about them.Fudge was naturally overjoyed after learning about this unjust, false and wrongful case. Although Crouch was unable to run for minister because of his son, Crouch's influence still remained in the Ministry of Magic, especially the Department of Magical Law Enforcement. There are still many people inside who miss Crouch's iron fist policy, so it is always a ticking time bomb.If you really want to defeat Crouch, you can't just gain an advantage by attacking him personally, because that belongs to personal morality, not justice.But now there is an excuse to attack Crouch's policy, because Crouch allowed his men to bypass the judicial system to enforce the law, so a descendant of 
   Holy 28 Pure Blood
    was sent to prison without trial- — What could be better than this situation?Rita Skeeter lost no time in releasing her elaborate new work——
   ...It turns out that procedural justice may be cumbersome, but it is necessary to ensure the legitimate rights of every citizen.Mr. Crouch wanted to counter violence with violence, and for a short time he gained efficiency, but he also succeeded in lowering his own moral standards to the same level as the man who cannot be named.This unjust case is not so much an accident as it is an inevitability that will happen sooner or later under this guiding spirit.I wouldn't be surprised if there was a public outcry over this, because it means that every hero, every son, every good young man with a living life could at any moment be framed as a dirty criminal... 
   Fudge looked at this text and felt refreshed, but he automatically ignored Skeeter's provocative text from the perspective of civilians.
   I thought that woman was only provocative, but I didn't expect that she could write such a well-organized article.
    He said to his deputy.Damn it, Minister... Shall we take this opportunity to pull Barcrack off his horse?
    Qu Xu asked.
   No, no, no, how can I be so unfeeling to my colleagues?
    Fudge shook his fat fingers and said, 
   How can the friendship of so many years of colleagues be wiped out because of a small mistake? Besides, people Everyone makes mistakes, don't they?
   The deputy's eyes widened—is this person in front of him Fudge?Could it be that someone drank the compound soup?
   For things like this, of course we have to let him handle it by himself, don't we always give people a chance to correct themselves?
    Fudge said solemnly, 
   I want you to quickly summarize this matter, write a report, and then send Go to Mr Crouch and tell him he'll take care of it himself and that the Ministry will support him... whatever he decides.
   The deputy was puzzled at first, but then suddenly realized.
   I understand.
    He said, 
   This is a public relations crisis that concerns the entire Ministry of Magic, and I will definitely gather the opinions of everyone in the Ministry for Director Crouch's reference.Seeing his enlightenment, Fudge nodded in satisfaction.
   Great, that's it, let's go!
   The deputy hurried out of the office to find someone in order to spread the influence of this incident, while Fudge started to have another headache.He is going to be the director of the Department of International Magic Affairs and Cooperation, but who should be sent to mix the sand?Chapter 220 Eight Brother Young Master's SurplusBarty Crouch reacted much calmer than Lockhart imagined after learning of this incidentFor this unjust, false and wrongly decided case, Crouch expressed his willingness to take responsibility for it, but he refused to admit that there was something wrong with what he did back then.
   I would like to ask you to recall the situation - many Aurors had family members who died at the hands of the Death Eaters, they were full of anger, and they just wanted to take their legitimate revenge. If the Ministry of Magic did not allow it, they would immediately resign.As leader, I cannot ignore their wishes, otherwise we will fall apart before Voldemort breaks into the Ministry of Magic - not everyone is Harry Potter
   What Crouch said was well-founded, neither humble nor overbearing, and the Ministry of Magic officials who came to investigate his dereliction of duty even couldn't help but nodded.If Crouch was from a half-blood wizard or Muggle family, then the pure-blood family would definitely hold on to this matter until he gave a satisfactory statement.However, the Crouch family is also a member of the Holy 28, so this is purely an 
   internal conflict within the ruling class
   . In addition, the relationship between Sirius Black and other pure-blood families is not very good, and no one wants to be here. Do a deep dive on the matter or stand up for him.So the final result made Fudge very disappointed. The final punishment given by the investigation committee was a fine of 200 Galleons. At the same time, Crouch was ordered to apologize in the newspaper and restore the reputation of Sirius. This punishment can be said for Crouch It is painless.Fudge once hoped that Black would be relentless, but after seeing Crouch's public apology letter in the newspaper, Sirius had almost no reaction. He just sneered and turned the newspaper to the entertainment section, and began to pay attention to it ministry of magic programIntroducing a new film from the wizarding world next year.
   Is it all about romance, comedy, and horror?
    Blake muttered while reading the newspaper. 
   Please, bring in more action movies. It's too boring.
   
   ...Obviously there's another drag racing movie called 
   Bones Into Me.
    Lockhart rubbed his temples nervously and said, 
   Excuse me, can you go outside and read the newspaper? I have to work.
   
   Hey, isn't it your job to work for people like us?
    Sirius said mockingly, 
   Don't think I don't know, they've already taken the big head, and the rest of your jobs are just a lie.
   Although he was a dog at the time, he was not very interested in these things, but Lockhart did not hide it from him when he was in the office, so Sirius knew a lot of 
   insider transactions
   .Lockhart suddenly regretted it. In order to control the situation, he put this guy in his office to guard, but the price was that the dog listened to too many things.
   Yes, Mr. Blob O Black.
    Lockhart retorted, 
   Can you please continue to sit at the door, as usual.
   Black's frivolous smile restrained a little:    Don't call me by that name! I'm older than you!
   
   Unfortunately, everyone who has seen your behavior will not think so.
    Lockhart put on a business-only expression, 
   If possible, please do not disturb our work, thank you, Mr. Briquette.
   Blake froze for a moment, then looked left and right, and Gemma's cold expression on the side also didn't seem to welcome him.He immediately showed a narrow smile:    I understand, did it delay your talking in the office? It's okay, I know what's interesting.
   Gemma blushed slightly and coughed twice.She also knows who the big black dog is now—although she has repeatedly confirmed that she has never said anything inappropriate in the office, after all, there are still some private conversations, such as playing petty temper, acting like a baby, There are also various behaviors of discussing with Lockhart how to consider the 
   future
   .In order to explain to the public, the Ministry of Magic played down Sirius' escape behavior, did not deliberately emphasize how he had embarrassed the Ministry of Magic, and only said that Sirius bypassed the dementors through the secret magic of the Black family. guard.But Gemma obviously couldn't hide these things, and Lockhart didn't hide them from her, but told her all these things.Since he was restored to his original state, Black was told by the Ministry of Magic not to wander around casually for the time being, and the Ministry of Magic paid him to live in the Three Broomsticks for a period of time.The Ministry of Magic did not allow Black to go outside Hogsmeade until his arrest warrant was withdrawn and his innocence was known to all wizarding families, otherwise it would inevitably happen that he was backstabbed by a terrified wizard while walking down the street. accidentAnd Sirius was so happy—Hogsmeade was the closest place to Hogwarts, and he was very happy that he could be closer to Harry.And after Black signed the consent form for Harry as godfather, now Harry can also come to Hogsmeade in a fair manner.On weekends, he can eat and watch movies with Harry, and cultivate 
   father-son friendship
   .As a result, this guy ran to the Shrieking Shack because he was too bored, which annoyed Lockhart and Gemma too much.And the girl's family has a thin skin, so some things are hard to say, and Lockhart can only deal with them.After trying again to no avail, Black finally recovered a little bit of normalcy.
   Okay, I'm not joking with you... It's really boring.
    Sirius threw the newspaper aside, 
   I'm here for business this time.
   
   Business? Are you talking about the wand?
    Lockhart thought he was here to ask for a new wand, 
   That needs to be confirmed by the Ministry of Magic, and Mr. Ollivander will come to order it for you in person.
   system. 
   
   No, no, I didn't mean that.
    Sirius denied, 
   That will happen sooner or later, I'm not in a hurry.
   
   What's that?
    Lockhart wondered.
   Look at what you asked, what else can I do with you? Invest!
   Black's words made Lockhart speechless for a moment—it seemed that what this guy said was really serious.
   Investment? You mean you're going to buy a house in Hogsmeade, too?
    Lockhart asked.Black shook his head again and again:    I won't live in Hogsmeade for a long time, it's too boring here, I'm going to London, to New York, to Milan, to Tokyo, to Amsterdam, and the land here has already been allocated by you, right? Don't mix it up.
   It was only then that Lockhart remembered that this guy had been eavesdropping for so long, and his understanding of Hogsmeade's plans might be only a little less than his own and Gemma's.
   So what are you going to invest in?
    Lockhart asked.Sirius suddenly showed a sly smile, which reminded Lockhart of the expression on the face of 
   Balball
    after successfully deceiving the chicken leg from Dobby.
   Oil.
    He said, 
   There are so many purebloods who have shares, and I should also participate, shouldn't it be too much? And with Remus watching over there, I can rest assured... People can't just sit and eat, right? I Gotta have kids.
   This guy is such a chicken thief.Lockhart sighed in his heart.He didn't ask how Blake knew that oil was so profitable. He must have let the guy who pretended to sleep overhear part of him secretly explaining to Gemma why he chose to invest in oil.
   How much money do you have?
    Lockhart asked bluntly.
   Not many, and I haven't counted them.
    Black replied indifferently, 
   When I bought the Firebolts a few days ago, I went to look at them, and got rid of those antiques, works of art, and utensils.And rubbish stuff like gems, about... 50 Galleons in cash.How about I take half of the investment? 
   
   It's really not much.
    Lockhart said angrily, 
   It can probably cover the operating expenses of the oil field for a month.
   On the contrary, Black was taken aback:    Did it cost so much? No wonder you only accept shares from rich people. It is estimated that ordinary wizarding families will not even have the opportunity to buy shares...Dumbledore may not be very happy to hear this. 
   Hearing his question, Lockhart knew that the bastard had definitely only eavesdropped on half of their conversation when he eavesdropped on them. He only knew that this thing made money, and he hadn't paid much attention to how to operate it.
   You insist on buying shares?
    Lockhart pressed.Black fully demonstrated the flamboyance of the rich boy:    I'm sure, there is no other channel anyway... By the way, there is one more thing, where can I sell the car in the movie last night? How much does it cost?
   
   That Aston Martin?
    Lockhart deliberately suppressed his arrogance. It's 5 pounds, which is about 2 Galleons. Are you sure you want to buy it? 
   Hearing this number, even Sirius was taken aback for a moment.
   Uh... I'd better think about it again.
    He gave up.Of course Lockhart was trying to scare him—although Aston Martin is very expensive, in its seven bankruptcies in more than 100 years, each bankruptcy will produce a batch of low-priced cars. So expensive.Although the bankrupt car may have the problem of being in stock for too long, this problem does not exist for wizards, and it is a new car when you buy it.And Lockhart didn't tell him that the antiques in the Black family's treasure house were likely to be worth more than that pile of gold.Lockhart himself has worked so hard (by swindling) to earn so much money over the years, but his wealth is still not as much as Sirius inherited.In the foreseeable future, Lockhart is likely to still work for these wealthy people, while Sirius can travel around the world and spend money smartly.Even after Harry finishes 
   charging
    during the holiday, he can take Harry abroad to play and live an 
   ordinary and simple
    life in his mind.Just like the Aston Martin that Sirius liked, the founder of this brand, Lionel Martin, is as ordinary and simple as Sirius. He first went to Eton College and then Oxford University. After graduation, he has been being himself What I like to do, I focus on doing my favorite racing car. It was not until I was on the verge of bankruptcy several times that I suddenly realized the truth that starting a company should make money.In the words of knowing the king, it is one by one, 
   Maybe this is life.
   Chapter 220 Nine Crouch's CounterattackThe fact that it was Dumbledore who had captured Black: no one at the Ministry of Magic, not even Crouch, suspected it.- On the one hand, it is because Dumbledore does have this ability, and on the other hand, Crouch also feels that only people from Dumbledore's family would directly bring this matter up regardless of their own face.And this timing was too good to be true. Seeing that Hogsmeade's transformation was about to be completed and the Triwizard Tournament was about to be held smoothly, this matter suddenly appeared, which inevitably made people not think about it.In addition, Mr. Crouch knew that Dolores Umbridge had visited the prison, although it was to trouble Dumbledore and Lockhart, but what happened behind the scenes... who knows?Crouch is very suspicious, is it because he has been dormant in the Ministry of Magic for too long? Many people have forgotten how he controlled most of the Ministry of Magic back then. If he doesn't make any moves, everyone will probably think he's easy to bully.   Gidlow, Blake was really caught? So was Pettigrew?
   Lockhart, who was reporting to work, had to stop to answer his boss's question.
   Yes, and Dumbledore used lynching and veritaserum for interrogation.
    Lockhart betrayed the headmaster without hesitation, 
   Do you need to make a fuss about this?
   
   No, if this is also a problem, then didn't I go too far back then?
    Crouch asked self-deprecatingly, 
   Besides, even if this matter is spoken out, it won't hurt him, and the Lions will only get hurt because of it.
    More support for their principal.
   The reason why Crouch asked this question was actually just to see how Lockhart would chooseWhich side to stand on, and Lockhart's reaction also answered him-
   I'm on the side of powerThat's enough, and Crouch doesn't expect a newcomer and an arrogant person to be loyal to him. If Lockhart swears that he will go to the dark with him, he will feel that there is a problem.So he began to make arrangements:    The biggest thing now is the Quidditch World Cup and the Triwizard Tournament. We have received a lot of sponsorship for both of them. Now is the time to prepare for the promotion... Do you have any ideas?
   
   of course.
   This is what Lockhart was waiting for. For this reason, he collected a large number of effective classic advertising cases from the Muggle side, and carefully selected some that were more in line with the social conditions of the wizarding world. In official documents.Mr. Crouch looked at it after taking it over, and then put it aside.
   
   
Chapter 108   
   
   
   I'm sure you can do it well, Gilderoy,
    he said slowly. 
   You are a man of great ability, and you are very effective, as everyone can see.
   
   That's all thanks to your cultivation ooBefore Lockhart could finish speaking, Crouch stopped him by raising his hand.
   Let's stop talking about that now... Let me ask you, are you interested in becoming a director?
    he asked.Lockhart was shocked:    Why do you have such an idea? The Department of International Affairs and Cooperation needs your guidance, and apart from you, Britain may be hard to find again.###
   I'm not talking about me,
    said Crouch grimly. 
   I'm talking about the Sports Management Division.
   Lockhart closed his mouth immediately.Seeing that he shut up, Crouch continued:    Ludo Bagman—He is not a competent department head. You have been working in Hogsmeade for so long, but the Sports Department has done nothing. Do you think it is reasonable? 
   
   Maybe it's because Mr. Bagman is busy.
    Lockhart pretended.Crouch sneered:    Of course he is busy. In the knockout round of the Quidditch World Cup, Wales lost to Uganda in an upset, and he lost a lot of money... So don't talk about the Triwizard Tournament, he even promoted Quidditch Even the World Cup is still owed to the Daily Prophet, and I even heard that he borrowed a large sum of money from the goblins.
   Lockhart seemed to hear something:    You mean, he may have embezzled public funds?
   I didn't say anything.
    Crouch looked serious, 
   I looked like I would just reach out, to I
    someone from another department to check the accounts? 
   
   No, of course not.
    Lockhart quickly denied.But Crouch immediately changed his tone:    But I know that the funds approved for the Sports Department are not much, even less than ours, because I have participated in the formulation of the department's budget.
   Having said that, he lowered his voice: Io, as I said just now, I know you have a good relationship with the goblins, can you help us find out how much money he borrowed from the goblins?    He knew that Lockhart would agree, because he had just thrown the 
   Director
    carrot in front of Lockhart, and he couldn't help but be tempted.Sure enough, Lockhart immediately put on a very embarrassed look:    As a friend, I shouldn't inquire about other people's privacy...but this is a business...
   Crouch didn't pay attention to his posturing, or he didn't bother to get the dagger-
   If it is true that due to some relationship, the sports department can't get the budget for the event, can you find a way to make up for it?
    Crouch asked.Now Lockhart couldn't continue to prevaricate.
   If it's a business, any member of the Ministry of Magic is obliged to maintain the dignity and credibility of the Ministry of Magic, and I am no exception.
    He replied.That's what Crouch wanted.
   Very good.
    He looked at his subordinate with satisfaction, 
   Please ask Gringotts, who made us born to be responsible for other people's mistakes?
   
   But those who take responsibility don't necessarily bear the consequences.
    Lockhart put forward his opinion obliquely.
   When only he can bear this responsibility, then only he can bear the consequences.
    Crouch made a guarantee in disguise.Lockhart smiled and said nothing more.It is the minimum criterion for a politician to see no rabbits and no eagles. No matter how much you say, if it doesn't fall on paper, it will be a cloud.Even if it falls on the paper, it is likely to appear in the toilet paper basket the next day, covered with yellowish-brown things.
   In addition, Fudge sent someone over, saying that he wanted to supervise the use of sponsorship funds by our cooperation department.
    Crouch made another big news calmly.
   Who?
    Lockhart asked in surprise.
   Dolores Umbridge.
    Crouch sneered.
   That toad who wants to be 'pure blood' all the time? 
   Lockhart's face was not very good, 
   In what name?
   Directly under the minister's office or our department?Crouch was very satisfied with his attitude:    Of course it is the minister's office, but I have good news for you, I have settled this woman.
   ... talking out of breath.Lockhart was relieved.Chapter 230 The End of the Prisoner StormAlthough Lockhart didn't say it, he actually wanted to know how Mr. Crouch managed to settle Umbridge.But when he saw Umbridge again, he suddenly found that Umbridge seemed to have been settled.Although she still speaks in a tone of voice, and the smile on her face is as fake as a mask made by a kindergartener with glue, she does not offer any 
   guidance
    to Lockhart's work.
   It seems that Fudge has failed.
    Lockhart said to Gemma Farley, 
   Crouch's ability to control his Ministry of Magic is much stronger than Fudge imagined, and he even plans to counterattack.
   
   No surprise.
    Gemma said that this was all expected, 
   The minister's power only looks big, although many people are willing to approach him, but I doubt how many people are willing to spend money to support him at critical moments. 
   
   Oh?
    There was a hint of approval in Lockhart's eyes, 
   Your point of view?
   Facing Lockhart's expectant eyes, Gemma nodded without hesitation:    Yes.
   
   Very well, I think so too.
    Lockhart smiled.He didn't expect that a girl who had just entered the Ministry of Magic could see that Fudge's position was unstable. This was either because she was talented or intelligent, or Fudge had really become so strong that everyone could see it.Seeing that he was satisfied, Gemma was secretly relieved.She had lied just now, because the opinion was actually her father's, and Mr. Farley had taunted Fudge more than once at home, calling him irresponsible.
   The guy may be a little smart, always takes himself out of responsibility, But it also means that he will not have any hardcore influence - because no one will give their wealth and life to an irresponsible person. 
   It is precisely because of her father's words that Gemma thinks that Fudge is actually vulnerable in political conflicts, but Lockhart actually thinks so.It seems that they should get along well in the future, Gemma looks forward to it.Anyway, Umbridge really does seem to be tamed by Crouch.Although she also moved her office to Hogsmeade, she didn't interfere with any of Lockhart's work. She just went to work on time every day, and after inspecting the village under construction, she disappeared.Although Umbridge felt comfortable not interfering with Lockhart's work at all, after a month or two it continued to do so, which made Lockhart a little puzzled.Especially when Umbridge came to the office with a kind face, announcing that her work had been completed, and that she was going back to the Ministry of Magic to report on her work and help Lockhart say something nice, one could imagine Lockhart's confusion.He tried his best not to ask 
   Have you been replaced with compound potion?
   — A woman who regards power as her life, was sent by the minister to the territory of the political opponent for almost two months, but did not take any action?Could it be that he did some tricks behind the scenes, planning to play tricks with me face to face and behind the scenes?As if to clear Lockhart's doubts, Umbridge handed Lockhart a report compiled from what he had seen and heard in the past two months, saying that he was asking him to help check if there was anything wrong.In the report, she praised Hogsmeade's reconstruction very much, and spoke highly of Lockhart's work in the past year.Objective evaluations such as 
   sufficient budget and healthy operation
    are fine, but words such as 
   people's expectations
    and 
   epoch-making
    actually appeared in an official document report, which is a bit too much. And when all the 
   great projects engraved in history
    appeared in it, Lockhart couldn't sit still.
   ...Are you really planning to hand in this thing?
    He couldn't help asking.
   Of course.
    Umbridge grinned.It was precisely because of this toad-like expression that Lockhart was able to confirm that this person was definitely not someone else in disguise—ordinary people cannot fake such a disgusting effect.
   If you turn it in, your situation at the Ministry could be... er, harder,
    Lockhart hinted.
   Don't worry, I just did what I should do.
    Umbridge laughed even more disgustingly.Lockhart shrugged, deciding not to continue talking to her.He didn't believe that the other party would lose sight of the situation, but she still did so. In other words, Crouch's bid far exceeded Lockhart's imagination, so Umbridge was so tame.After she left, Gemma commented sharply:    She is like a toad fed to flies, and Crouch is living and returning, and he is willing to buy such a person.
   Lockhart could not have agreed more.Since he couldn't figure it out, Lockhart didn't ask. After all, he was not Bertha Jorkins, and he liked to inquire about other people's private affairs.These days, they don't have any big news other than their work. The biggest thing is nothing more than the public trial of Peter Pettigrew and the Hogwarts Quidditch finals.The first is the trial, like this kind of thing that can gain reputation without breaking a sweat, Fudge never misses.He appointed himself as trial judge for the open trial, and he called in many senior members of the Wizengamot, including Mrs. Burns, Mrs. Marcheban and Mr. Ogden.In court, Fudge sternly recounted Peter Pettigrew's crimes, and ostentatiously explained how the Ministry of Magic 
   set things right
    under his leadership, and made Crouch sick by the way.It is with a heavy heart that I warn everyone that justice delayed is never justice, and all we can do now is do our best to make up for what we have lost.###In the gallery, Sirius Black yawned unabashedly.
   What a waste of time...wasted an afternoon of fun water skiing on the lake.
   Although Fudge's report was long and tedious, there was an end after all. At the end of the public hearing, Fudge announced that Peter Pettigrew would be the leader of several members of the Order of the Phoenix whom he had betrayed back then, including the Prewetts, the Potters, McGinn Farmers and his wife, etc. - take full responsibility.
   Having considered the opinions of all members of the Wizengamot, I declare that Peter- Pettigrew's punishment is life imprisonment in Azkaban!And considering that he is still an illegal Animagus, we will make a special squirrel cage cell for him, and we must ensure that no accidents will happen again. 
   Because Peter was not sentenced to death, Sirius was still angry when he went to see the Quidditch final.
   ...It's unbelievable that he didn't even get a kiss from a dementor! Has the Ministry of Magic tolerated Death Eaters so much in the past ten years, Remus?
   Lupine was also very helpless:    No way, in the eyes of the public, 
   Voldemort
    and
   Death Eater
    is a word from a long time ago.
   
   He's so cheap, if I were Harry...
   As soon as Black finished speaking, Harry rode the Firebolt past the heads of the audience, surpassed Malfoy who was about to catch the snitch, and got it first.Black immediately dropped the unpleasant topic just now, and started to cheer for his godson.
   Fuck those insidious and despicable bastards!
   He shouted into the arena, causing the students of Slytherin not far away to look sidewaysLupine couldn't help turning his head away, trying to pretend he didn't know him.Who told Sirius to choose a location close to Snape just to annoy others?Chapter 230After confirming that Umbridge could not interfere with Crouch, Lockhart naturally dared to bet on Crouch.So while taking money to invest for Sirius, Lockhart found the goblin Ragueno, and asked him about Ludo Bagman, the director of the sports department.Seeing Lockhart coming to ask, Ragueno seemed very vigilant:    Aren't you going to pay the debt for him?
   
   No, but if he embezzles the funds of the Ministry of Magic, we are obliged to recover it.
    Lockhart straightened his face, looking businesslike, 
   According to the law, when recovering arrears, public funds debt is a priority.
   Ragno waved his hand impatiently:    Don't talk to me about the law, it can't control us yet.
   
   I just want to remind you as a friend, be careful not to lose your money.
    Lockhart was completely 
   I'm doing it for your own good
   .Seeing that he was serious, Ragueno also had to be cautious.
   You mean, he won't be able to pay the money back? Bagman is a director after all, and... well, I heard he borrowed money from other goblins, and he paid it back, and his credit Not bad.
   
   It depends on how much it is. If it's a few hundred or a few thousand, he may be able to find a way to get it at once, but if it's what I think, then there is a problem, and the problem is still very big.
    Loha specially warned.According to Mr. Crouch, Ludo Bagman borrowed money from several goblins, and they borrowed money one by one, but the exact amount is not clear.Although Lockhart didn't know how much Bagman had borrowed, he was very familiar with this borrowing model.Because when he was working 
   before
   , he also heard his colleagues talk about a Ponzi scheme in the chat - the Cordia Prussy case, which made the British authorities very scalp numb.Therefore, when he heard the news that Bagman had borrowed money from several goblins, Lockhart instinctively thought of this case.Let me guess out of anger... Do you goblins never inquire about other goblins' investment channels? ' Lockhart asked Ragnol.On the contrary, Ragueno was a little strange:    That's a matter of course, who would tell other goblins how to make money?
   
   So... let me guess, don't you know how many goblins Bagman has borrowed money from?
    Lockhart tentatively asked.Ragueno didn't take it seriously:    Never mind him! As long as he really paid back the money, it doesn't matter how many people he borrowed from?
   
   It's a big problem... If he borrows money from you to repay another goblin's loan, and then asks another goblin to borrow money to repay you, you can think about it for yourself, what's the problem?
    Loha specially reminded.Raguenor was stunned for a moment, then lowered his head and began to think about the key points. Lockhart was not in a hurry, but admired the wine bottles Ragnol put on the wine cabinet with great interest. Those who are interested will pick it up and check the label.After a while, Ragueno suddenly raised his head.
   Ah! One day, this debt will accumulate to the point where he can't pay it, and he can't borrow new money to pay it back,
    said Ragueneau.
   
   
Chapter 109   
   
   Seeing that he had already figured it out, Lockhart lost no time in persuading him:    That's the thing, my friend, I think you must have been used by this guy. Who told you goblins to never communicate with each other's financial status? where?
   Lockhart hoped that this would make Ragnor sober, but he obviously overestimated the goblin race's obsession with money, and also overestimated the degree of their unity.
   No, I have to ask Bagman to pay back the money quickly... By the way, Gildero, please don't say anything about this, let Bagman pay back the money he owes me first, and then he will be with whomever he asks to borrow money.
    I have nothing to do, okay?
   While talking, Ragno held Lockhart's hand, with a flattering look on his face, trying to win him over.At this moment, Lockhart suddenly understood the rich people, bankers and heads of financial trading institutions within the 
   one square mile
   . 
   Bar?
   It's very difficult.
    Lockhart sighed and began to make up his mind, 
   My duty is to investigate exactly how much money Director Bagman embezzled that didn't belong to him, but I still don't know what he owes. how much you.
   
   Not much, it's only 1500 Galleons, and I only want [-]% of his interest, for half a year... You know, compared with our business, this is not even a fraction.
    Raguenot defended himself road.Lockhart did not expect that the increased appetite of the goblins was actually related to him.If Bagman is indeed engaged in this kind of Ponzi scheme, then it is understandable that the entire goblin world in the original book refuses to believe in wizards because of this.Lockhart could imagine that there must be many goblins having debt disputes with Bagman, which led to the national confrontation between the goblins and the Ministry of Magic.And without reminding themselves, the goblins probably didn't figure out what kind of tricks Bagman was up to until the end, so the loss must be even heavier than it is now.To judge others by oneself, if half of the residents of a small country are deceived by a financial scammer, and this scammer has obtained asylum in a place like the US Financial Asylum Service, then this country may also be at odds with the whole country and the United States....Maybe only the Philippines is an exception.
    Even if the [-] suitcases that the Marcos family worked so hard to loot were confiscated by the U.S. customs, the Filipinos still call the Americans Papa.Before leaving, Lockhart was stuffed with a bottle of whiskey, and according to Ragueneau, the alcohol content of this wine was as high as 92%. product
   His intention of bribing Lockhart is also obvious-that is, to make him slow down and announce the news, so that he can quickly realize his debt.In addition to the Gringotts goblins such as Ragnol and Gonuk, there are also many goblins outside who have borrowed money from Bagman, such as Red and Boderick.Although Ragueno didn't know how much they lent, as far as he knew, the interest they borrowed would usually not be less than [-]%, so Lockhart only needed to ask about the loan amount of two or three goblins. Then according to the order in which they borrowed money, they could know how much money Bagman's scam had made.
   That guy is also involved in gambling.
    Raguenor also told Lockhart a big news, 
   Some of his kind have opened a gambling game, and that guy Bagman is still a regular customer.Although he didn't explain what he said, Lockhart could guess that there must be something wrong with Bagman.Bagman is addicted to gambling and is a standard gambling dog. If someone wants to use this to get him into a debt crisis, it is really not difficult.No matter who it is, as long as he controls Bagman, his status as the director of the Department of Magical Sports and Sports will become profitable again, and the game designer behind it can use Bagman's hand To control certain important sports games.Thinking of Crouch's behavior of 
   fishing
    himself with the position of director at that time, Lockhart decided that he must find out the person behind him. If there is no one behind him, then he will do it himself.Because Lockhart suddenly realized that Bagman might be of some use to him, too.Chapter 230 Attack and Defense in the Ministry of MagicNo matter how many thoughts Lockhart had in mind, he still conscientiously completed the task assigned to him by Crouch.Raguenot lent him 1500, agreeing to repay the principal and 1800% interest after half a year; Gonuk lent him 1000, agreeing to 1300% interest for a quarter; Reid couldn't find out about it because he went to the United States, but probably not. It would be less than [-], and Boderick borrowed [-] from Bagman... There are a dozen or so, and it looks like he owes [-] to [-] Galleons, not including the money he owes the wizard. 
   Crouch was very satisfied with Lockhart's efficiency:    Bagman's weekly salary is 30 Galleons, which is only 1600 a year. Even if he does not eat or drink for ten years, he can't afford it.
   
   Yes, under such circumstances, it is not surprising that he will do anything to raise money, and the money is too large. The Ministry of Magic will never pay for him, and neither will our department.
    Loha Te decided to put the ugly words in front.
   Yeah, I didn't expect him to borrow so much.
    Crouch also hesitated, 
   It seems a bit worthless to spend so much money for a director.
   
   Especially when most of our money is still sitting in the wells,
    Lockhart added.Crouch nodded, deeply agreeing with Lockhart's words.
   Since this is the case, then we won't bribe him.
    Crouch made a straightforward decision, 
   Let him make the case bigger, and then we will use it to hit Fudge. It is best to find evidence of his embezzlement of public funds...
   Lockhart was a little surprised:    Is there not enough evidence now?
   
   Not enough. No matter how much money he owes, it's just his personal morality. It's not enough. Besides, there are too many retired stars who don't pay attention to their property.He'd have to prove he was negligent. said Crouch, tapping the quill on the table.Lockhart looked unbearable:    Isn't this a little bad... I mean, if something happens to him, the image of the Ministry of Magic will be damaged, and we have to deal with goblins again...
   Crouch sneered: Ur don't understand, Gildero... Bagman had a chance to be a member of us when he just retired, but drinking and gambling harmed him, he didn't take advantage of the most famous and financial resources It's time to be 'aggressive', so he's already lost that opportunity, get it?   Lockhart blinked a few times, then nodded firmly.
   Very well, you are a smart person, I know you will understand.
    Crouch stood up and patted Lockhart on the shoulder:    But you are different from Bagman, you know exactly what you want, Knowing what it takes to get there, and doing a really good job so far... I think you'll be able to break into a new circle pretty soon.
   
   You mean?
    Lockhart pretended to be excited.
   Yes, that's what you think.
    Crouch said lightly, and then signaled to Lockhart to leave.After Lockhart walked out of the office, the excited expression he had just pretended evaporated from his face.
   Hey, who cares about what you give me?
    He cursed secretly, 
   Won't you take it yourself?
   Only these pure-blood families still take themselves seriously, right?But having said that, Mr. Crouch is in a very good mood recently, and he talks more and more.Even when he was in Hogsmeade, Crouch still looked like he was thinking about when to retire, but Fudge's impatient performance activated the old man's authority.Power desires... tsk, Fudge is an idiot too.After receiving the information from Lockhart, Crouch obviously felt more at ease with Lockhart. Not only did he give him more authority, but he also accelerated his actions to control the Sports Department.He publicly proposed to the Ministry of Magic to run a 
   Quidditch lottery
   
   ...The phenomenon of illegal gambling is particularly serious now, and it takes up a lot of energy and financial resources of wizards. This is not a good thing. So I suggest that instead of letting criminals use gambling to plunder people's wealth, it is better for the Ministry of Magic to organize and operate it. The proceeds will also ease our financial pressure.
   Crouch's words caused an uproar in the Ministry of Magic, and Fudge was also restless because of it.He couldn't publicly object to this proposal, because many staff members in the Ministry of Magic were already moved by Crouch's proposal.From the perspective of Muggles, Fudge is not only a politician, but also a bureaucrat, and he is the best bureaucrat.As the top of the pyramid, he enjoys the best part of the benefits brought by the Ministry of Magic system, but it also means that he must be responsible to the entire Ministry of Magic civil servants.If the gaming industry is brought under the ownership of the Ministry of Magic, then the newly established department can immediately relieve the employment pressure of many children of pure-blood wizard families. At the same time, the more substantial finances will also make the financial department firmly vote in favor.For a Muggle government, the most important departments are the Foreign Office and the Ministry of Finance: the same is true for wizards, if people from both the diplomatic and financial aspects support this proposal, then Fudge as a minister actually has little room to refuse .-On the one hand, the number of personnel under control can be expanded, and on the other hand, the department budget can be increased. As long as the finance side proposes a motion to increase the salary of the Ministry of Magic staff, no department will probably refuse.Fudge felt involuntary, but there was nothing he could do.As Jim Harker said:    I'm the prime minister of a country, so I can't make any decisions.
   Didn't the bastard Crouch say he was retiring?It turned out to be just a blindfold!Fudge secretly hated.In desperation, Fudge had no choice but to resort to the most helpless method among politicians - procrastination.
   Director Crouch's suggestion is very pertinent and highly feasible. However, the most important task of the Ministry of Magic right now is to hold the Quidditch World Cup finals this summer and the Triwizard Tournament this fall. It is inappropriate to discuss this matter at Sekiguchi, and I suggest waiting to discuss this topic at the end of the year, so as to provide a reference for us to formulate next year's budget.
   Even though he knew Fudge was talking nonsense, he was a minister after all, so he still had to give some face.After he made his statement, the topic of discussing the sports lottery gradually cooled down, and everyone officially began to enter the work rhythm of the World Cup.Lockhart was also informed that when the Quidditch World Cup final was held, he had to be present to accompany foreign guests.Because he is not only an 
   internationally renowned wizard
   , but also a member of the Wizarding Union, and he is also a staff member of the Department of International Magic Affairs Cooperation, so he is doomed to escape in this matterOf course, with Lockhart's character, he wouldn't run away either.Chapter 230 Three Major Events Determined in a Small AreaAfter witnessing his godson win the House Quidditch Cup and getting his new oak wand, Sirius Black finally had one last thing on his mind.That's adopting Harry.After carefully testing Harry and getting a positive answer, Sirius happily applied for registration to the Ministry of Magic.But what he didn't expect was that the Ministry of Magic formally approved the registration, but at the same time refused to let Harry live with himSirius was furious and stormed into Lockhart's office making a fussLockhart was also very helpless, because firstly because this matter was out of his hands, and secondly because it was Dumbledore who didn't want Harry to live with Sirius, not someone in the Ministry of Magic.As far as Lockhart knew, Dumbledore had used his rare influence to exert pressure within the Ministry of Magic to cancel custody of Sirius.
   Lily Potter left a blood magic to protect Harry from evil.
    Dumbledore explained, 
   So even if he doesn't want to, he must live with that Muggle family for a period of time every year, until adulthoodIn this regard, those wizards from ancient pure-blood families can understand, because these families have blood magic to protect their heirs, and it is the same for the Potter family.So, they don't mind giving Dumbledore a face.It costs them nothing to make a decision, but the pressure to do itIt was Lockhart.No matter how noisy Sirius was, Lockhart couldn't give him this right. He could only wait until he finished the quarrel, and then instructed him to go to Hogwarts to find Dumbledore.Sirius did go, but after a long time, he returned to Hogsmeade disheartened, and he didn't know if he was scolded or something.Anyway, Sirius wasn't allowed to take Harry out except for the second month of summer and the Christmas break each year.According to the information that Lockhart later inquired from Snape, Dumbledore said to Sirius very bluntly, 
   You are still a child yourself
   , which made him choke enough but could not refute.
   If you ask me, it's actually better for him to stay in prison, at least he can be taught how to behave there.
    Snape added gloatingly when handing him the potion that Lockhart had ordered.Because Snape couldn't adopt Harry himself, he couldn't see the good of others. If Sirius finally succeeded in adopting Harry, Snape would probably go crazy with anger even if he didn't say it publicly.Since there was no way to get Harry into his own home, there was no longer any reason for Sirius to stay in Hogsmeade.After saying goodbye to Harry, he took the new oak wand custom-made from Ollivander, stepped on the will-o'-the-wisp motorcycle he just bought, and then flew into the sky.According to him, his destination was Paris, France.He slapped his ass off in style, but Lockhart had to stay in Hogsmeade to finish his last work.Because the Ministry of Magic is understaffed, he has to assist colleagues in the Sports Department and the Transportation Department to count the number of people who are going to watch the Quidditch match in order to arrange port keys and so on.Lockhart can't complain, because the Ministry of Magic will be busy with thisNo deal.This can be regarded as a tradition in the wizarding world—as long as a major project is undertaken, the entire Ministry of Magic staff needs to be mobilized, not to mention that Lockhart’s authority is somewhat marginal, even several departments that are completely unrelated need temporary Come and help.It's not that the Ministry of Magic doesn't want to have a clear set of powers, but that the Ministry of Magic's staff is really too small.Among all the departments, only the old scholars of the Department of Mysteries rarely need to be dispatched, and everyone else must be prepared to be temporary workers.However, it is precisely because of this that even if the Ministry of Magic's finances are tight, the team size still needs to be expanded.After seeing the budget allocated to him by the Ministry of Magic for this month, Lockhart showed a smug smile.It may be because he is too competitive, or it may be because of the relationship with someone above him, the Ministry of Magic still has not cut their department's funds in the context of budget cuts.Although it is said that Lockhart is not short of money at all, it does not mean that he will actively ask for a reduction in funding.As an old bureaucrat, he is well aware of the principle of 
   promise above but not below
   . It is fine for him to show kindness today, but it will be as difficult as skyrocketing to increase the budget tomorrow.But with the Ministry of Magic's budget so tight, if he proposes to raise money for the Ministry of Magic', it is estimated that he will receive the least resistance....and now that Hogsmeade's new houses are nearly complete, it's time to put them to good use.For this reason, Lockhart typed an official document, formally proposing to the Ministry of Magic a plan to introduce a group of Muggle tourists to Hogsmeade, and the purpose of doing so was to 
   test new facilities.
   
   We need someone to experience our facilities,
    Lockhart told Crouch. 
   If Muggles who don't have magic can live here without inconvenience,Then the wizard will not.Crouch didn't look at the obvious reasons Lockhart wrote in the official document at all, but threw them aside and asked Lockhart's purpose for doing so.
   It's to make money, of course,
    Lockhart said. 
   The Sniff Drilling Company is willing to pay a certain amount of money up front to pay for the travel of these tourists.
   Crouch was even more strange:    What's the point of you doing this? Let the money go from your left hand toright hand. 
   
   Just moving from left to right is already troublesome, and not all of them.
    Lockhart half admitted.
   What else?
   
   I really didn't lie, it was to make money.
    Lockhart looked innocent.Crouch obviously didn't believe it, but he had other tricks.
   Maybe you don't know, I also have shares in the Sniff Drilling Company.
    He smiled half-smile:    Can I ask as a shareholder, why do we have to pay this extra fee?
   Lockhart froze for a moment, he didn't expect that the other party was waiting for him here, and this question was not so easy to answer.
   Uh...Actually...the group of people I invited here are well-connected on the Muggle side.
    Lockhart had to tell Crouch part of the truth.
   Connections?
    Crouch raised his eyebrows:    I remember that we are the big customers with resources, and you want us to please the people who work for us?
   
   Because it's about investing, not just buying and selling our goods.
   
   
   
Chapter 110   
   
   
   What's the difference?
   
   Yes, people in the industry, such as us, usually pay more attention to the market value and user value of products, and the people I invited are all from the investment circle. Apart from their connections, the most prominent thing about them is the ability to describe their vision .” Lockhart explainedWhat Lockhart said gave Crouch a headache:   I understand connections, but that's basicBased on value, so... what is the 
   ability to describe the vision
   ?Major shareholders have doubts, of course Lockhart, as the managing director, must explain in detailMumu zE
   Simply put, it's the ability to fool people into taking orders. Their words represent a certain degree of credibility in the capital market.
   Crouch laughed aloud:    I see, but this seems unnecessary. If I remember correctly, our stuff is a high-quality product in the Muggle market, right? A fool can see how much it is worth.
   
   But investors are actually not sensitive to the value itself, but only to the trend of price changes. This requires someone to help us.
    Lockhart reminded himCrouch paused, and then figured out the key point.
   So that's the case, since this is the case, I will definitely speak for you.
    He promisedSure enough, he was really fascinated with power again, Lockhart thought.Chapter 230 Hogwarts is ready to goThe Hogwarts final exams were getting closer, and for Lockhart, his 
   final exams
    were also getting closer.As far as he is concerned, the results of his one-year work depend on the preparations for the Big Five Tournament.If the foreigner was content to say something that pleased the Englishman and made Fudge feel flattered in the Daily Prophet, then he was certainly doing a good job, and not vice versa.Therefore, almost everyone in the Ministry of Magic believes that the most important thing for Lockhart to do now is to find some 
   foreign famous people
    in advance, let them say good things at that time, and at the same time buy a group of media as much as possible. These are the most urgent tasks to turn a top five tournament into a grand event.However, Lockhart's behavior at this critical moment is puzzling—he actually wants to introduce a group of Muggles to try out the Hogsmeade that he built?What the hell is this going on?
   ... On the one hand, it is to test the reliability of the facilities of the tournament, and on the other hand, it is to make some money during the empty window in July.
    Lockhart explained in this way.
   July? Why must it be July?
   Crouch answered the question for Lockhart:    The Quidditch World Cup will be held on August 8. We will spend three weeks preparing for it, and then we will have to promote it in conjunction with the Big Five Tournament. Six We have to prepare for the Hogwarts exams again in July, and only in July can we spare some staff to maintain the situation, and it is already May
   But...is it really good to introduce Muggles into Hogsmeade? Even if it can make a little money 0
    The opposition tried to continue to make things difficult.
   It doesn't matter, in order to make money, you can't use magic in front of Muggles for a week.
   
   But there will always be some magic items that reveal their secrets, right?
   
   We pre-exclude magic items with magic detectors, and... honestly, it doesn't matter if it's a little revealing. Muggle creatures, even if magic is under their noses, they will turn a blind eye, or use various Outrageous reasons to explain it.
   
   To make a lot of trouble just to make some money?
   
   That's not a little money, Stebbins... Besides, why don't you ask the residents of Hogsmeade for their own opinion?
    Crouch finally got impatient.The so-called 
   Hogsmeade residents
    are actually those pure-blood families who have an estate in Hogsmeade, which is well known.Sure enough, Stebbins immediately shut up.Because of the strong request of 
   rogue will
   , the Ministry of Magic adopted an attitude of turning a blind eye to this matter. Apart from repeatedly emphasizing that the 
   Secrecy Act
    must not be violated, they did not make any restrictions. action.After getting permission, Lockhart and Gemma inspected the Hogsmeade resort for the last time.A lot has changed here compared to a year ago.Not only have some leveling and renovations been carried out around the village, but new entertainment facilities have also been built on many open spaces, and even the lives of residents have been affected to varying degrees.Of course, the biggest change is undoubtedly the towering giant pea tree in the gladeHFrom the seeding in October last year to the planting in March this year, this pea seedling has only grown for two months, but its height has surpassed many thousand-year-old trees.The spiraling vines are intertwined with each other, and finally reach the thickness that requires more than 20 people to hug each other to circle around.
   By July, it will be bigger than you can imagine,
    Professor Sprout said to Lockhart flatteredly.Lockhart looked at this giant 
   Jack Pea
   , and immediately praised it.
   Thank you, Pomona, but I hope it will stop growing by the end of June. This size is almost enough. We still need time to transform it.
   
   No modification is needed.
    Professor Sprout vetoed it flatly. 
   I will let it grow 20 rooms by itself with pea pods, and even stairs can grow.
   
   Can this be done?
    Lockhart was startled.
   Of course, this is the peculiarity of magic plants.
   
   Then it looks like we just need to magically convert the stairs into automatic 'elevators'. 
   Lockhart stroked the notebook hard - and saved a fortune.
   But do you really plan to let Muggles come and stay for a while? This... is it really possible?
    Professor Sprout asked, pointing to 
   Jack Pea
   .
   Well... we can explain that it was designed by an architectural artist and we spent a lot of money to make it look real...
   
   A Muggle would fall for this?
   Lockhart pretended to think about it:    I think so, Muggles will use all their knowledge to explain phenomena that confuse them.
   
   Well, whatever you want, to be honest, it's time for me to start preparing for the kids' final exams...
   Lockhart took out the previously agreed reward:    Thank you, Pomona, we will engrave the builder's name on the door of the Pea Hotel, so that everyone who has been here will know who built it.
   Professor Sprout quickly took the heavy bag of gold coins, with a look of joy on his faceIt is obvious.
   Actually, we Hufflepuffs don't usually pay much attention to honor...
    She said goodbye to Lockhart while smiling.Hehe, who are you kidding?Lockhart thought.Although this old Hufflepuff professor is tolerant and easy-going, she may not be as open-minded as she seems on the surface when it comes to things like honor.Since Professor Sprout said that there is no need to engrave the name, then Lockhart must engrave it, otherwise he will really offend her.Hogsmeade has already made all the arrangements, and now it's just waiting for Hogwarts to have a summer vacation.After relaxing, Lockhart began to pay attention to his stay at Hogwarts.
   heritage
   The student union at Hogwarts is running well. Many members of the student union will come to the second floor of the cinema to gather for drinks and chat on weekends, and Lockhart will come over to be a guest from time to time.The competition in the Dueling Club this year was also more intense than last year. After the rules were gradually improved, Hogwarts students gradually adapted to the intensity of duels, and various dueling genres began to emerge.Now they also know about the Big Five Tournament, and Durmstrang, who usually teaches students to use black magic to duel in class, is undoubtedly a big enemy in the eyes of Hogwarts, so the training is harder than last year many.Faced with this situation, the professors did not stop it.The Big Five Tournament is the face of the school. In a sense, it is also a touchstone for testing the work level of Hogwarts professors, so even if they don't say it, they secretly reduced a little homework in practice, so that Students can spend more time delving into dueling.When Cedric came to visit Lockhart on the weekend, he gave Lockhart a copy of 
   TheInquiry into the Theory of Magic Dueling
    records in detail the dueling theory, dueling essentials and some special tips jointly summed up by the professor and the top students of the dueling club.And their purpose of coming to Lockhart was to ask for sponsorship fees—they wanted to publish the booklet themselves, and then, in the name of the student union, promote it to all Hogwarts students for free.
   Unshirkable responsibility.
    Lockhart happily gave them a sum of money in his own name, Urs must work hard in the hegemony competition. 
   The reason why he was so happy was because he saw the signature of the author of this manual—Professor Flitwick.Even after graduating, drinking can't forget the old dean!Chapter 230 The Prophecy Is Still HereAfter Cedric left with the sponsorship he wanted, Lockhart carefully read the dueling manual he left behind, and found that Professor Flitwick's dueling theory had indeed gone a step further.Because most of the spells can immediately incapacitate people after hitting them, so in terms of ordinary dueling skills, the fighting methods that Lockhart gave to the students are closer to the special police training manual on the Muggle side. Emphasis on concealment, movement, firepower and space,But when it comes to wizard duels, although Lockhart's theory is still applicable, its scope of application, focus, and guidance are far inferior to Flitwick's theory.As a duel champion, Flitwick invented a duel theory that is more practical and instructive—he summed up all duel actions into three types, namely 
   attack
   , 
   volley
    and 
   difference
   Among them, attack is the basic means to end the battle, and it is also the first means. There are various spells that can be used to attack. Wizards who are good at attack either have extremely strong magic power, can use force to break tricks, or master thousands of attack routines , It is hard to guard against.But no matter who it is, as long as the wizard attacks, then this attack must have its principle and path, even Dumbledore and Voldemort are the same, and this also gives the opponent wizard room to 
   intercept
   .
   So the first priority of a wizard duel is to never let your opponent know what spell you are going to use.
    These are Flitwick's original words.If a wizard can understand all the spells of another wizard, then he can easily use the corresponding solution, or even counter-spell, to 
   intercept
    and let the opponent suffer.And at the level of Voldemort and Dumbledore, they evenThey will not use ordinary spells to attack, because they know that not only will they have no effect on their opponents, but they will also expose themselves.It can get ugly when both sides start trying to 
   volley
   , but the real master has a way of avoiding that situation himself.And this third basic method is 
   difference
   .The so-called difference is to use all means to make the opponent use offensive or defensive spells, thus revealing a stiff time difference, and at this time, you can take advantage of this gap to fight back.The most basic way to fight is of course dodge - if you can dodge the opponent's spell and counterattack while taking advantage of the opponent's stiffness, then it is undoubtedly a very harmonious thing.In addition, there are tricks, provoking, hiding, etc., or using the opponent's negligence to spread the field, so as to force the opponent to show his flaws when he solves the field. It is also a good choice.
   Wizards who are good at all-out attack tend to restrain wizards who are good at attacking, and wizards who are good at attacking are good at restraining those who are good at volleying, and wizards who are good at volleying can often make offensive wizards helpless.…To sum up, a duel is a complicated matter, and the comprehensive utilization of attack, volley and difference will determine the level of this wizard duel.What affects these three dueling actions is the wizard's magic power, knowledge level, equipment, magical creatures, and trained dueling instincts, etc. These are the basic skills of a wizard.If you want to become a victorious general in the duel field, you must consciously improve these aspects at ordinary times. 
   After the outline was finished, Flitwick's booklet began to introduce various offensive, volley, and difference techniques, such as the rhythm and rhythm of casting spells, the anticipation and anti-prediction of volleys, and the history of wizard duels. The famous trick and so on ... many of these things make Lockhart amazing.The Duel Champion really deserved his reputation!It seems that the Big Five Tournament really put a lot of pressure on the teachers and students of Hogwarts, even the dean. Gwartz was ashamed.Seeing that Hogwarts was well prepared, Lockhart was relieved—because he really planned to add some new things to the traditional Triwizard Tournament.Lockhart originally thought that he would not have any jobs before July, and that he could have a good time playing office games with his female subordinates, but things turned out to be contrary to his wishes, and the matter still came to him.The person who came to look for him was Remus Lupine with a serious face.
   Harry found me.
    He reported his purpose bluntly. 
   He told me that after the final exam of Divination class, Professor Trelawney gave him a new prophecy.
   Lockhart was shocked at first, then he remembered something and put his heart down again.
   Is there any problem with this? Professor Trelawney is making predictions every day. I don't want to speak ill of my former colleagues, Remus... But if her predictions are only one-tenth of the way true, the risk on the Muggle side Investors will give her up and treat her like a god,
    Lockhart sneered.
   The problem is different this time.
    Lupine seemed a little irritable, 
   Harry said, Trelawney's state was completely different this time, her voice was hoarse and drowsy when she made the prophecy, and she herself didn't even know what to do after she made the prophecy.
    Remember what you said.
   
   Did it ever occur to you that she was playing tricks?
   Lockhart pretended not to care, but alarm bells were ringing in his heart.
   It's unlikely, even Dumbledore said that she might be doing a realprophecy. said Lupine.Lockhart felt that after hearing the name 
   Dumbledore
   , he should show some respect both emotionally and rationally.So he sat up a bit:    What is the prophecy?
   
   Trelawney said that the Dark Lord's loyal servant will escape tonight and return to his master, and this servant will help his master come back to life.
   Lockhart thought he heard it wrong:    What?
   He didn't expect that there have been so many variables, but in the end things are still back to the original point of II
   But... Pettigrew should still be locked in the Azkaban prison, and it is impossible to escape.
    Lockhart was puzzled.But Lupine froze for a moment:    Do you think that's Pettigrew?
   Lockhart was also stunned:    Isn't it... oh, she really didn't mention who it wasIf she said 
   loyal servant,
    then I don't think it's Pettigrew.
    Lupine frowned. 
   He's just a coward, and he's not loyal to Voldemort at all.
   
   That's true.
    Lockhart agreed, 
   but the prophecy can't be trusted either...Did Dumbledore tell anyone else?
   Dumbledore has already notified the Department of Mysteries to ask people from the Hall of Prophecy to seal up Trelawney's prophecy: Scrimgeour has been complaining, but he also agreed to strengthen the guard on Azkaban.   
   That's good.
    Lockhart felt relieved, 
   Then what are you worried about? No matter who is mentioned in the prophecy, he must still be squatting in Azkaban. As long as you look there, then Nothing will happen.
   
   I hope so.
    Lupine frowned.Chapter 230 The Sixth Toughest Person
   
   
Chapter 111   
   
   After getting the content of Trelawney's prophecy, the Ministry of Magic is on the verge of an enemy.In order not to make the same mistake, the Ministry of Magic not only doubled the number of dementors as guards for Azkaban, but also took the risk of apparating a few Aurors to assist the guards. Don’t let the flies fly over”However, after a night of tension at the Ministry of Magic, nothing happened.Not to mention Peter Pettigrew, the Lestrange couple, even ordinary criminals didn't make trouble tonight, which made the Aurors who were sent there complaining.
   It turns out that even Sybill Trelawney, not every prophecy can come true.
    Kingsley Shacklebolt said to Dumbledore, yawning.
   Thank you.
    Dumbledore nodded to him.To be honest, this result was a bit unexpected for Dumbledore, because in his opinion, Trelawney's true prophecy should not be wrong.If it was an ordinary person, it might be time to give up his trust in Trelawney at this time, but Dumbledore was not an ordinary person, so his thoughts turned to other aspects.
   In other words, the most loyal servant of the Dark Lord is not in Azkaban, and has already escaped.
    Dumbledore muttered to himself.Regarding Dumbledore's conjecture, Kingsley Shacklebolt said nothing on the surface, but he didn't take it seriously in his heart.Like many others, he believes that the so-called 
   true prophecy
    is just a trick of the old gods.The reason why those guys became famous is because they used a set of vague words in their predictions, which made people puzzled, and they were too late.It is loud and footy, and many people with stinky feet are cheering for them, so they can be bluffed and deceived so far.But the person who said this was Dumbledore, so it was not easy for him to refute.Fortunately, his skin is indeed darker, so Dumbledore can't detect the subtle expressions on his face.
   In this case, I'll go back to the Ministry of Magic and check again to see if there are any omissions.
    Shaker said.Dumbledore nodded:    Excuse me then.
   As a result, at this moment, the fireplace in the principal's room suddenly ignited a mass of green flames, and a paper airplane came out of the fire, flying all the way to Dumbledore's table before stopping.Dumbledore reached for the paper airplane, opened it, looked at it for a while, and then sighed heavily.
   Kingsley, I don't think you need to check.
   Kingsley Shacklebolt: ?Lockhart looked a little restless sitting at a long desk in the Auror's office, while several Aurors were sitting across from the desk.   Gidero, take it easy...
    Robards reassured him. 
   You have no responsibility in this matter.
   
   No, I think I have, I should have found out sooner,
    Lockhart replied bitterly.Several Aurors looked at each other, then nodded slightly.
   Don't be like this... If you are even responsible, aren't those of us who have worked with Crouch for many years more responsible? And you have been in Hogsmeade for more than a year, everyone knows that.
    Robards offered to excuse him.At this moment, the door was opened, and the Minister of Magic Cornelius Fudge and Albus Dumbledore walked slowly into the office.Bing Meilin's beard, what's going on? 
   As soon as he stepped into the office door, Fudge started yelling, with an unconcealable look of joy on his face.Just a while ago, because he shot too rashly, he was defeated by Crouch in the political struggle.Just as he was thinking about how to decently give himself a step down, the head of the Department of Magical Law Enforcement came to the office with a serious face and told him the great news... no, the bad news.Something happened to Barty Crouch!Just this morning, Crouch did not show up for work at the Ministry without informing anyone.You must know that the entire Ministry of Magic is at full capacity, and as a well-known workaholic, it is really unreasonable for Crouch not to come to work.Even Lockhart who came to his office to discuss the resort was a little surprised, because this had never happened before.So he asked others about the address of Crouch's residence, and then went to his residence at noon.then…
   Gidero, I hope you can tell us about the situation at that time.
    Dumbledore found a seat and sat down.Fudge hurriedly nodded and agreed:    Yeah, tell it again quickly, so that I can go back... er, review it again, otherwise, if the publicity goes wrong, I will also take responsibility.
   
   All right…
   Lockhart had no choice but to repeat what he had said twice.
   That happened this morning, and it was almost noon. Because of the resort, I came to the Ministry to discuss with Mr. Crouch, but everyone in the office told me that Mr. Crouch did not come to work.I would have liked to go straight to his house, but I was told by my colleagues that Mr. Crouch didn't like people visiting him at his house, so I was advised to wait.But the matter was urgent, because I wanted to make an itinerary for the first batch of tourists in the resort, so I asked someone for the address of Mr. Crouch's house, and I was going to visit him, and I left after talking.But walking through the gardens of Mr. Crouch's house, I noticed something was wrong—the front door of the mansion was wide open and unguarded.I was wary then, and took out my wand, and walked in cautiously.Immediately, I found that the living room on the first floor was extremely messy, and there was even a chair that fell to the ground, as if it had been knocked down by someone.I knew something was wrong, so I listened carefully for a while, and after I didn't find any movement, I sent a letter to the Auror office with a paper airplane, and then followed the traces on the ground to find behind the sofa——I found a house elf lying on the ground. got there.I was afraid that the house elf was just a 
   booby trap
    placed there, so I didn't approach it hastily. Instead, I used a few detection magics, and then used protective magic to cover myself, and then approached carefully.I soon discovered that it should have just been stunned, so I put it down temporarily and continued to search.Then I found Mr. Crouch in the bedroom—he was in his pajamas, lying on his side in front of the bedside table, bleeding from his head.I hurried over to check it out, and after finding out that his life was in danger, I made my own decision and first took his entourage to appear and go to St. Mungo...you will know the next thing. 
   Robards took Lockhart's words:    Yes, Mr. Crouch has been rescued and is alive. And the house-elf has also revived under our control, but because he refused to say What happened then we used Veritaserum and got some pretty amazing news...
   While the unauthorized use of Veritaserum on humans is illegal, house-elves are clearly not 
   people
   , so the Auror Office can make its own decisions.Dumbledore looked as usual after hearing this, and he didn't mean to stand up for the house elves at all. As for what he thought, only he knew.
   So, may I know what happened?
    He looked at Fudge.Fudge seemed impatient:    Amazing news! Terrifying! I really didn't expect that a senior official of the Ministry of Magic would be so selfish and perverted, secretly using his poor wife to exchange his son from Azkaban, and Controlled him with the Imperius Curse - he definitely broke at least 300 laws!
   Dumbledore showed a surprised expression for the first time:    You mean, Barty Crouch Jr.? He's not dead yet, is he?
   
   Yes! It was his wife who died in prison... this is insane!
    Fudge's face was filled with righteous indignation, 
   As a result, for some reason last night, his son suddenly got rid of Crouch's Imperius Curse and waited for an opportunity He attacked the house elf who guarded him. If nothing unexpected happened, Crouch was also attacked by his son... More importantly, his wand was also stolen by his son!
   Fudge was there denouncing Crouch hoarsely, but Dumbledore was unusually quiet.It turned out to be like this... It seems that Trelawney's record of never missing a prophecy may continue to be maintained for a while.P.So Dad told me very seriously at noon that the plot I wrote has no suspense at all, anyone can guess.I didn't believe it at first, but after reading the post in the morning chapter, I believed it.Damn, you force me to write an O'Henry reversal, don't you?Chapter 230 VII Umbridge's RewardBefore the next day, what happened at Crouch's house spread throughout the Ministry of Magic at an explosive speed.With the gradual deepening of the investigation and the continuous inquiring of interested people, the truth of the matter gradually became clear:At the cost of his dying wife, Barty Crouch secretly replaced the only heir of his family, Barty Crouch Jr., from Azkaban.After that, old Crouch has been using the Imperius Curse to control his son, and has been looking for ways to make him obedient.He was going to look for a chance to transfer his son to Hogsmeade, but had an accident before he could do so.The reason why this matter can spread so fast is not only because it has too much impact on people, but also because of Fudge's intentional connivance.He waited until the matter was completely spread, and then he pretended to call the person in charge of the news media office and asked them to control the spread of public opinion.The result is naturally that this matter spread like wildfire one by one   Have you heard? About Crouch?
   
   I heard that the entire Ministry of Magic is talking about it now...I really can't imagine that he would do such a thing, such a well-behaved person...
   There were such discussions everywhere in the Ministry of Magic, even when walking in the corridor with Lockhart as a 
   supporting role
   , he also enjoyed a 
   welcome welcome
   .Although this treatment Lockhart did not like.Although the Auror office unanimously believes that Lockhart is not responsible for this matter, politics does not hold you responsible. If Crouch loses power, then these policies that have been halfway through are likely to end up with one person Take the tea cold ending.He had to find a way to save himself.In addition, for the sudden escape of Little Crouch, Lockhart felt that he was actually responsible.As Dumbledore said, he once again fell into his inertial thinking, always thinking that after so many changes, things would still go on the track he knew, which in itself was a very absurd idea.Because Bertha Jorkins has not been transferred to Crouch's department (condition A), Pettigrew Peter has not gone to Albania (condition B, he thinks it does not constitute result C (Jr. Barty's escape), but carefully Think about it, the conditions that can trigger C are actually far more than that line.This is the only thing Lockhart can't figure out—why little Crouch regained his self-control and got rid of the Imperius Curse so early.After the incident broke out now, Barty Crouch was unlikely to continue to hold public office in the Ministry of Magic, and Lockhart should cut him off.But he felt that he had to figure this out no matter what, otherwise he would have trouble sleeping and eating.So he came to St. Mungo's Hospital alone the next day and found Crouch's ward.Because Crouch is now a 
   suspect
   , there are two Aurors waiting in the ward besides Crouch, and no matter what Lockhart and Crouch say, they must record it.Barty Crouch looked haggard and had a lot more gray hair. It seemed that his son's escape had hit him hard.
   I really didn't expect you to come.
    He looked at Lockhart. 
   I thought you would be busy cleaning things up.
   Lockhart forced himself to smile:    How could that be? These are two different things... To be fair, I must condemn your actions more violently than anyone else. But neverFrom a personal point of view, there is nothing wrong with taking a look at an old superior you have known for a long timeAs he spoke, he put the fruit basket in his hand on Crouch's bedside table.The two Aurors next to him were not polite when they saw this, and immediately separated a person to open the fruit basket and examine it carefully.Crouch lying on the bed was a little surprised:    Are you such a person who distinguishes between public and private?
   ■
   As you can see now,
    Lockhart replied.In order to show that he was a man of words and deeds, when the Auror finished checking, Lockhart took out an apple from the middle of the fruit basket and began to peel it.Crouch knew that he must have something to come to him, but in this situation, people have to learn to pretend to be confused, not to mention that he just happened to have something to tell Lockhart.
   ...You know about me now, and I have explained the details to the Ministry of Magic. If you want to ask for details, then you can go back now.
    Crouch said tentatively.
   No, although I'm somewhat interested in the details of what happened, I'm not very interested. On the contrary, I'm more concerned about your future plans.
    Lockhart said seriously.A plan to come down with a concubine? Crouch asked self-deprecatingly, 
   Do you think I have any plans for the future?
    
   But Lockhart's expression looked very serious:    Things can't be left halfway, I believe you think so too.
   As he spoke, he handed over the peeled apple.Crouch took the apple, and then glanced at the whole apple peel on the ground:    It seems that you are a perfectionist.
   That's not true, I just want to have a beginning and an end. 
   Lockhart 
   modestly
   sentence.Crouch sighed:    I knew you wouldn't admit defeat... Don't worry, although I can't stay in the Ministry of Magic, the contract I've negotiated won't change, and I've already bet on it People, they will not change course because of this small accident.
   
   So?
    Some hope sprouted in Lockhart's heart.
   Don't worry, you are not the first person to see me.
    Crouch said with a yawn.
   I'm relieved.
    Lockhart was determined.Since Crouch's contacts have not been damaged too much, and the political climate has not changed, the so-called loss of power is only temporary.
   Besides... I guess I can't keep this from you for a long time, so I'll just say it.
    Crouch took a bite of the apple, and then said the rest slowly, 
   Dolores Umbridge one by one I know you may not like her very much, but I hope you can take good care of her in the next period of time.
   
   What? Who?
    Lockhart thought he had heard wrong.
   Umbridge, Minister's Office, don't tell me you've forgotten her,
    Crouch repeated.
   I know who she is, but... why?
    Lockhart asked incredulously, 
   Why did she get your favor?
   
   Because she already has the blood of the Crouch family.
    Barty Crouch gave the answer.This time, Lockhart couldn't hold back any longer.He stood up in fright, and was dumbfounded.
   I... I always thought that the reason why you didn't leave a new blood was because of your body!
    Because he was too shocked, Lockhart couldn't care less about the city, and said simplyOut of the mind.Crouch coughed twice, reminding Lockhart to pay attention to his wording.
   
   It turns out that it's because...Of course...Everyone has their own unique aesthetics, and we should be tolerant of it...
    Lockhart quickly retracted the words.Unexpectedly, Crouch's taste is so unique that even a woman like Umbridge can talk to her. No wonder he swore at the beginning that except Umbridge 
   has been settled
   .
   
   
Chapter 112   
   
   Well, it was indeed 
   settled
   !Lockhart felt his eyes widened.Seeing that he was getting more and more shameless, Crouch quickly stopped his wild thoughts:    Don't think too much, she is pregnant with my grandson.
   Lockhart didn't turn his head around for a moment:    Yes, no matter what the aesthetics are, there is his... grandson?
   
   Yes, my grandson, I have asked the doctor in St. Mungo's to perform a scouting spell. It is a boy, and it is expected to be born in another 8 and a half months... What's the matter?
   Seeing Lockhart's strange expression, Crouch couldn't help but ask one more question.
   ...It's nothing, I just figured out something.
    Lockhart replied obediently, 
   I just want to ask one more question, is Ms. Umbridge voluntary?
   
   Of course.
    Crouch sneered, 
   She is absolutely wishful thinking. For her, give her a child born from the 
   Holy 28 Pure Blood
   , what else can she complain about?
   ■
   Yes.
    The last question in Lockhart's mind was also solved.At this moment, he suddenly understood the reason why little Barty was emotional.PS Sunday py time
   Zhongli, are you here to play Yuanshen?
    
   Ma En opened a game hall with the help of the system.Although this garbage game hall can only play one game of Yuanshin, the business has been very booming since it opened.Zhong Li:    Today, Kachi opened the child Shen He, and I plan to give up my life.
   Hu Tao:    Do you know the money from 0?
   Zhong Li:    Young Master will pay for Shen He's money today.
   Young Master:    Wanda International is really strong! I bought all the consumption in the audience today!
   Ke Qing:    Zhongli is actually the emperor? It doesn't matter if I am strong or not, the emperor must be satisfied4I
    mouth!— Dou:    Don't open Thor Zhouben yet? I want to kill her! Also, can you make a Miss Hina skin?
   Xiao Gong:    Our Dao Wife's Thunder God Pupils are like hell!
   Mie:    My brother actually joins forces with Abyss! When will Dyne enter?
   pond? Paimon:    Don't you care about Brother Kong?
    
   Ying:    Don't worry, I'm brushing materials for Mr. Yun, no, let's freeze my heart! Who designed the golden beast! It's even harder to fight than in reality!
   Xinhai:    Whooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo...
   Ying:    Don't mention it, I'm mentally retarded too...
   Wendy:    I envy you guys who have money to play Yuanshin...
   Chapter 230 EighthSoon, the news that Crouch's Death Eater son survived and escaped after attacking his father hit the newspapers.As for the impact it caused... I can only say the word 
   public outcry
   , and Rita Skeeter used it correctly for the first time.This is not only a scandal, but also involves the high-level officials of the Ministry of Magic. At the same time, it also contains various secrets about the pure-blood family. There are so many elements that the wizards like to see, and the result naturally caused heated discussions among British wizards.Lockhart glanced at the newspaper, and found that most of the events had been published on it, from the matter of Crouch sending his son to stand trial back then to his cover-up for his son's escape from prison.And the only thing that was hidden from the newspaper was the 
   deal
    between Crouch and Umbridge, which could be regarded as leaving the last bit of decency for the 
   Holy 28 Pure Blood
    family.Gemma Farley has complained to the newspaper more than once, saying that Fudge is too petty, but for political strife, he exposed all the old background of the Crouch family, and he doesn't even know how to keep a line.
   What he's doing is reducing the prestige of all pure-blood families among wizards.
    Gemma said directly to Lockhart what she was thinking, 
   We have decided to let Crouch retire, and he himself agreed. But Fudge is still relentless, he really has no aristocratic demeanor.
   
   Aristocratic style?
    Lockhart hadn't heard this word for a long time. 
   Fujita is a standard politician. It's normal to beat a lion for fear of not dying.
   
   That's right, it's really going downhill for this kind of person to be in the top position.
    Gemma added.Lockhart found that she hadn't paid attention to what the truth was from the beginning to the end,Crouch's disgraceful role in the affair was never discussed, nor did she even mention whether it was right or wrong.Probably this is the so-called aristocratic demeanor, right?Lockhart thought.Since there is no truth in the newspaper, Lockhart can only try to deduce it based on known conditions.He believes that what he guessed is very close, if not the whole truth.First Umbridge -This woman really cannot be judged by common sense. If an ordinary woman is used as a reproductive tool by Crouch like this, she will most likely be furious, thinking that her personality has been insulted, and making this proposal people broke up.But Umbridge didn't. When Crouch tentatively asked her 
   would you like to be a member of the real pure-blood family
   , she agreed without hesitation, and she didn't seem to care at all whether the other party was Who.She only knew that if she was pregnant with the blood of the Crouch family, then she would completely become a pure blood wizard from heart to body, or the noble 
   Holy 28 Pure Blood
   No one will question her self-proclaimed 
   pure blood
    status, because the child in her womb is the best proof.On the other hand, Barty Crouch's determination to maintain the family heritage also exceeded Lockhart's imagination.Although the quality of Umbridge's fertility tool is not very good, and her 
   pure blood
    is just talking, everyone actually knows that her father is actually the sweeper who used to work in the Ministry of Magic.But that didn't really matter—as long as the Crouches recognized her as pureblood, then she really was pureblood.Moreover, this girl puts more emphasis on the glory of the pure blood family than ordinary pure blood, which is also a good thing.And Crouch's own son can't be exposed now, so Crouch doesn't bother to pick and choose, and one of them will be used first.Anyway, my son was cast with the Imperius Curse, and I don't care whether the other character playing the opposite role is Brother Piao or not.And Crouch did succeed—during the month that Umbridge lived in Hogsmeade, she ostensibly came to supervise Lockhart's work, but in fact the real work was with Barty Jr. o Crouch 
   continuing the family line
   According to Crouch, during that time, the house-elf Winky also often took her young master to Hogsmeade in the Cloak of Invisibility, and let him secretly breed with Umbridge there.More than a month later, under Umbridge's hard work, she successfully conceived the offspring of the Crouch family, and according to Dr. St. Mungo's special diagnosis, it was definitely a male, old Crouch Qi also let go of one of his worries because of this.No wonder he suddenly regained his desire for power - so the family has another offspring, Lockhart sighed in his heart.It's just that the only thing that Old Crouch didn't expect was that his son would suddenly lose control, and he didn't know why he hadn't broken free from the Imperius Curse for so many years, but suddenly broke free one day.After learning and deriving this information, the truth emerged for Lockhart—he now knew why Barty Crouch Jr. suddenly lost control.To be honest, Lockhart asked himself, if he saw a pink female toad approaching him naked, and then declared that he would 
   suck the sperm
   , he would be insane too.Presumably because of his own reasons, Umbridge has been depressed in the political arena and has to be at the mercy of others.At the same time, because of her obsession with 
   pure blood
   , she was favored by Crouch and became the carrier of the continuation of the Crouch family's bloodline.My seemingly unrelated actions have caused such a big impact on the 
   future
   .Influence, this is simply the law of heaven, and the retribution is not good.It was only then that Lockhart realized that he was the same as everyone else, and probably needed to walk alone.How things will develop next, Lockhart can already imagine - Barty Crouch, Jr. must have regained his self-awareness, and took advantage of the busiest months of the Ministry of Magic to attack his father and flee. As Trelawney predicted, Voldemort will be found again, and he will be resurrected, starting the second Voldemort Rebellion.After his son escaped, old Crouch's political life can be said to have ended, and now his only concern is the grandson in Umbridge's belly.Although he still has some influence in the Ministry of Magic, Lockhart doesn't expect it to play much role.For Lockhart, the most important thing is to keep himself, his position, and his political achievements.After Crouch's influence fades, it is impossible for Fudge not to take action against the Department of International Affairs, and his political achievements are likely to be taken away by his confidants.Lockhart must not allow this to happen.Recommend Gemma. He suddenly said to his subordinate and current girlfriend, 
   I plan to talk to Dumbledore, Fudge, and your father respectively.There was an imperceptible smile on the corner of Gemma's mouth:    I'm glad you made this decision, I've been waiting for you to say this for a long time, Gildero.
   P.So the ten cuts were double-passed todayThis author is guaranteed to complete the book, and he is a male author with a girlish heart. If you are interested in the subject matter, you can go and read it.
   Miss Tangerine, start from the love development game
   The traverser Su Youzi, a second-year student at the private Huiqunyuan College.The crumbs of the world.When she was 17 years old, she finally awakened to the game system of raising 
   soft
    into a 
   fan
    that can become stronger by growing a beautiful girl.Sakura Mai: Sister Yuzu is really the most attractive existence in the world.Saotome Yukina: A person should forget himself for someone at least once in his life.Jiu Tiao Li Hu: She likes me, just like I like dogs.Su Youzi: Believe me, Xue Nai... I really only have a deal with them.Chapter 230 IXIf someone were to ask Lockhart who is the most respected wizard, he would answer    Albus Dumbledore
    without hesitation.But if someone asked him one more question, who is the person he most wants to be, then Lockhart might not answer so happily.The reason why a great man is called a great man is because he has done things unimaginable by ordinary people, and to achieve such great feats, what he needs is experience and ability that ordinary people do not have.Here lies the problem—people with extraordinary abilities and experience experience hardships that ordinary people cannot bear.Lockhart certainly respects Dumbledore, but that doesn't mean he thinks he should be like Dumbledore, especially when his strength isn't enoughThe escape of Barty Crouch Jr. brought a sense of urgency to Lockhart—not only in terms of personal security, but more importantly, his political preparations have not yet been fully prepared. If he makes trouble, then he really has nothing to do.And to be honest, Barty Crouch Jr.'s ability is really much higher than Peter Pettigrew.He is bold and careful, and he has all the basic wizarding abilities. In addition to casting the Unforgivable Curse in the hall, which proved his extraordinary attainments in magic spells, his act of stealing the African tree snake skin from Snape's collection It explained that he made the compound potion himself, and Potions was not bad either.There is another piece of evidence, that is, he got 12 
   Owl (.W.Ls)
    wizarding certificates when he was studying at Hogwarts, and he even took Muggle studies and divination courses-you know, Lian He Mindu only took 0.If these can only prove that he has rich theoretical knowledge and may not be excellent in actual combat, then the Moody he pretended to have even fooled Dumbledore is a perfect proof of his actual combat ability—this is not Bella, Duo What a simple combat fanatic like Lokhov can do.If his abilities in spells, potions, and combat are tricky enough, his ability to gather and use intelligence is equally compelling.Just relying on the information in the mind of a low-level Ministry of Magic employee, he was able to draw up a detailed plan for Voldemort to capture Harry Potter, and successfully succeeded in hiding it from Dumbledore. So much in the middle may cause accidents All the errors were corrected by him, and this execution ability should not be underestimated.Of course, what worried Lockhart the most was Barty Crouch Jr.'s proficiency in politics.He was born in a pure-blood family and received his father's strict elite education. It can be said that he knows the tricks in politics very well. When he made a plan for Voldemort to capture Potter, he considered all aspects.Lockhart has reason to suspect that the political decisions Voldemort made after his resurrection were actually the 
   inheritance
    left by Barty Jr. Like someone who knows how to use politics to resolve disputes.Only those who have received systematic political education can understand how to use the 
   big trend
    to achieve their own goals. Lockhart is very convinced of this.In the end, the key to making Barty Jr. a serious concern to Lockhart was that he was shameless enough. Lockhart even felt that the thickness of this person's skin was almost half as thick as his own.Barty Jr. can pretend to be innocent and sell miserably in court in order to avoid punishment, even if the evidence is conclusive, in order to win the sympathy of his father and the juryPity, this kind of thing is really not something that ordinary shameless people can do-you see, Bella is holding her neck hard for the sake of dignity?If Barty Crouch Sr. knew that his son was so 
   excellent
   , I'm afraid he would not be very relieved. He cultivated an excellent heir, but in the end he took advantage of Voldemort because he neglected his son's mental health.Just like all 
   tiger dads
    and 
   tiger mothers
   , Barty Crouch is very strict with his son's education. It can be said that little Barty grew up under his father's high-pressure education since he was a child.Although he also learned a lot of knowledge and governance skills because of this, and even gained a lot of knowledge and contacts through the status of the Crouch family, but these did not help him become a healthy person.Because he has neither the motivation to learn nor the means to relieve stress, so in the process of growing up, he is destined to be confused, hesitant and dissatisfied, just like being forced by his parents to study hard in a small town for college entrance examination. Same as the writers.Moreover, unlike those educated youth whose parents are not highly educated and who study hard for a while and can soon enjoy a sense of accomplishment beyond their parents, Barty Jr.’s father himself is a man who is proficient in multiple languages, has superb political skills and is well-informed. Man, no matter how hard he studies, he won't be able to break free from his father's shadow for a whileAlthough his mother is quite considerate, it is old Batty who makes decisions in this family, and old Batty's strength cannot be detached for a long time.In this depressive environment for too long, people will naturally find ways to transfer their stress to other things.For example, classmates, such as small animals, and all groups and creatures that are disadvantaged compared to him, Little Barty gradually became a sadist step by step.He would not thank his father for his ability, he would only think that it was old Batty who gave himHe has brought pain to himself, and he will 
   infer other things from one instance
   , under the guidance of Hobbes' theory, turn everyone in the world into 
   the powerful party
    and 
   the dominated party
   People like Barty Jr. are not alone. As far as Lockhart knows, there are Brian Blackwell and Karen Garner on the Muggle side, and there are no cases in foreign countries such as the United States and China. Few are caused by improper family education.And when the psychopath has reached this point, Barty Jr. can be said to be hopeless.He will eventually 
   recognize the thief as his father
   , and it is inevitable that he will regard Voldemort as his real father.Obviously, Voldemort would not hate this little guy who was becoming more and more evil in nature, and it could even be said that he admired it too much. I am afraid that he did not treat Bella and Snape so heartily to little Barty.For example, Voldemort killed his father, few people knew about it, even Bellatrix didn't know about it, she still thought Voldemort was a pure blood wizard.But Barty Crouch Jr. knew that Voldemort was a half-breed, and this alone could show that he was trusted far more than others.Little Barty not only knew that Voldemort was a half-blood wizard, but even knew that he had killed his father, Old Riddle.However, this did not make Barty Jr. realize his mistake. On the contrary, he admired Voldemort even more because of this, and he also used his behavior as an example, planning to try it himself one day.Combining the above factors, although Lockhart thinks it is understandable that Barty Jr. will become what he is now, he does not sympathize with him.And as long as he meets Barty Jr., he will definitely wipe out the memory in his mind on the spot, and won't even give the Ministry of Magic a chance to send him to Azkaban.Because from now on, Azkaban is no longer safe, and sending people there is nothing more than building blocks for Voldemort, and Lockhart would rather put a hundred pettigrews in Voldemort.Old Demon was not willing to let a little Batty go.Gemma thought that Lockhart's purpose was to keep his position, but what Lockhart didn't tell her was that what he really wanted to deal with was Barty Jr.If dealing with Voldemort is the task of Dumbledore and Harry, then Barty Crouch Jr. is the task Lockhart left for himself.
   
   
Chapter 113   
   
   With all these thoughts, Lockhart first approached Dumbledore.
   I'm going to kill that little Crouch.
    He told Dumbledore bluntly, 
   At any cost.
   When he said this, Lockhart's tone was firm, and Dumbledore also felt the will from his words.
   Evil will be defeated in the end, there is no doubt about it, and it is not your task to deal with Voldemort.
    Dumbledore was a little puzzled, 
   Why? A fugitive should not be enough to make you feel like an enemy, even Black You have never been so cautious.
   He quickly got a clear answer from Lockhart, which was rare in the past.
   Because he is also a person who understands politics. Only by getting rid of him can I make Voldemort kill himself.
    Lockhart replied.Dumbledore was really surprised this time.
   I want to hear about your plans, Gilderoy,
    he said slowly.P.So happy new year everyone!I wish all the readers who collected, read and voted for this book a prosperous new year and all the best.Of course, I will bless you even if you don’t read this book, but you can’t see it, haha!Chapter 240 The Art of CompromiseLittle Crouch's escape was an accident to Lockhart, and it was different from the Chamber of Secrets and Sirius. For the first time, Lockhart felt that something might get out of control because of one incident.It can be said that Lockhart has long experienced how difficult it is to catch a wizard in the vast crowd, let alone the other party's disguise.There is no ID card, no camera, and no satellite positioning. The only thing you can rely on is the tracking spell, but with little Crouch's academic ability, the possibility of the tracking spell being able to catch him is almost zero.If this kind of thing happened on the Muggle side, then the Muggle police have most likely issued a wanted warrant, started a nationwide investigation, and controlled all customs to prevent the fugitive from going out.However, the Ministry of Magic has absolutely no way to control the channels of entry and exit. Little Crouch can fly away from one place, then reach the European continent, and finally go to Albania.So Lockhart must prepare for the worst—that is, take the premise that Crouch Jr. has found Voldemort and revived him as a premise, and conduct overall thinkingOf course, considering that little Crouch had just escaped from home, he certainly couldn't revive Voldemort right away.He still needs to obtain more information to know the approximate location of Voldemort, and then he needs to find a means of transportation to the European continent, and finally, he needs to travel a long distance to the European continent... All these will buy Lockhart some more time.It would be great if he could detect the clues of Little Crouch and catch him during this period of time. If not, then he also needs to prepare for himself.- A plan that is as complete as possible.After talking with Dumbledore all morning, Lockhart went to find Fudge again during lunch, and showed him his cards directly.
   ...No matter what others are, as long as you are still in the Ministry of Magic for a day, I will not launch any political action against you. As long as it is your motion, I will definitely not oppose it, and even write articles in newspapers to help you Talk. You can even send me a deputy to report my daily schedule and official documents to you, I will definitely not mind.
    He said to Fudge.After hearing this, Fudge was quite moved, but he knew that Lockhart made such a big sacrifice, and it would definitely not be without his purpose.
   So, what do you want from me?
    Fudge asked.
   The Director of the Department of International Cooperation, and the right to communicate with the Muggle Prime Minister's Office, I don't want anything else... By the way, I will give you another gift.
    Lockhart suddenly remembered something .
   What gift?
    Fudge asked interestedly.
   This.
    Lockhart pulled a document out of his hand.Fudge took the document and found that it was a piece of evidence that Ludo Bagman, the director of the Department of Magical Sports, embezzled public funds and failed to pay back the gambling debts owed to the goblin.
   This is?
    Fudge frowned, casting a questioning look at Lockhart.
   What old Crouch was going to do,
    Lockhart replied.For betraying Barty Crouch, who has lost power, Lockhart can be said to have no psychological burden. Anyway, at this juncture, everyone will step on him, and judging from Lockhart's visits, the old Crouch has long been mentally prepared for this.Fudge thought for a moment before he understood what Lockhart meant.Because Ludo Bagman was Fudge's push to the top, so ifIf he was exposed to such a big scandal, Fudge would inevitably be implicated.The relationship between the wizard and the goblin is already tense enough. In order to appease the goblin's anger when they can't pay off the debt, I'm afraid Fudge can only take Ludo Bagman for surgery, and he still can't avoid it after the operation. be doubted.If Crouch really succeeded, then it would be good for him to lose the control of one or two divisions. If Crouch wears the hat of being questioned as unable to protect his subordinates, then he is afraid that he will not be able to protect his subordinates again in the future. It is also impossible to recruit newcomers to join.After thinking it over, Fudge couldn't help sweating coldly.Fortunately, old Crouch killed himself, otherwise he might really be implicated by Ludo Bagman.
   My God... He owes so much money, the Ministry of Magic will definitely not pay for him,
    Fudge said, frowning.When the Ministry of Magic wanted Sirius Black, it used a full [-] Galleons as a reward. Although [-] Galleons is a lot, it is barely within the limit of the Ministry of Magic. question.It's just...why should the Ministry of Magic pay for Bagman's personal debts?
   Yes, there is no reason for the Ministry of Magic to pay his personal debts, but Bagman will not be able to pay the money. If we don't arrest Bagman, the goblins will think we are taking sides with him... which will not help Our stability,
    Lockhart echoed.Fudgeon feels tricky—if he doesn't care about this matter, others will question that he 
   can't cover
    his subordinates, but if he wants to be responsible for this matter, he will inevitably be questioned about using power for personal gain.Seeing Lockhart still standing in front of him with a relaxed face, Fudge's heart moved. 
   I remember you saying that this was a 'gift'?
    he asked tentatively.Lockhart pretended not to understand what he meant:    Of course: I have decided to hand over this document to you, and it is up to you to decide how to deal with this matter and minimize the impact of this matter... This is still Isn't that a gift?   Seeing that he was pretending to be stupid, Fudge had no choice but to speak out on his own initiative:    I mean, you haveIs there any workaround?I remember that you have a good relationship with the goblin side. 
   
   Good relationship? Hahaha...
    Lockhart seemed to be amused, 
   Everyone knows that goblins have no feelings for gold. I don't think they will give up 200 Galleons just because they have a good relationship with me.
    money... In fact, it will take my best to convince them to give up [-] Galleons.
   Seeing him like this, Fudge became a little anxious.
   So... we can only watch, right? Let the creditors come to the door?
    Seeing that Fudge was anxious, Lockhart stopped teasing him.
   Of course not, but if we want the goblin to let go, we need to make trouble elsewhere and get them to make equivalent concessions.
    He told Fudge.How can Wu Shi give in? 
   
   During my investigation, I discovered that many of the gambling games Ludo Bagman participated in were organized illegally...
    Lockhart wanted to catch him.
   Because we prohibit wizards from gambling on sporting events,
    Fudge interrupted dryly. 
   What I want to ask is, does it have anything to do with goblins?
   
   Your intuition is really sharp!
    Lockhart admired, 
   It's true! Many illegal gambling games are run by goblins.
   
   Subtle? Who? Me? Oh... I mean, it's not hard to guess, is it? The only people who would put so much effort into this, and have a morbid pursuit of gold, are the goblins.
   Fudge was stunned for a moment, but then he came to his senses and began to smooth things over for himself.Lockhart pretended not to hear his cover-up, but continued:   So if we threaten the goblins to crack down on illegal gambling and announce the establishment of a legal gaming industry, I think some goblins might change their minds
   You mean, using sports lottery rights as bargaining chips to negotiate with goblins.
    Fudge finally understood
   Yes, maybe a tax can be collected... Your idea is really good!
    Lockhart applauded lightly.
   My idea? Ah yes yes yes, my idea!
   Fudge laughed, and patted Lockhart on the shoulder approvingly.He was pleased with the gift from Lockhart.Chapter 240 One Crisis Two Danger + OpportunityAfter finishing the political deal with Fudge, while Fudge was going to have lunch, Lockhart rushed to the next destination—Gringotts without stopping.Fudge was relatively slow to react, so after accepting Lockhart's 
   gift
   , he had to think for a while before realizing that this was not just a public relations crisis, and Lockhart still had time to make further planning.Although he received a symbolic guarantee from Fudge, Lockhart did not dare to put his fate on Fudge's keeping his promise. He had to use the time when Fudge was stable to create a fait accompli and force the other party not to break the contract.After arriving at Gringotts, this time Lockhart was not looking for Ragnol, but the president of Gringotts Britain, Gonuk.Before Fudge sold his favor, Lockhart first revealed to Gonuk that the Ministry of Magic might use the right to issue sports lottery in exchange for Ludo Bagman's debt relief, and hinted that he 
   as much as possible
   
   If every goblin can start a game, then no one can make money.
   Lockhart said frantically, 
   Bagman owes a lot of money to the goblins, if you can take over everyone's debts first, then you will be the first. 
   Gonuk was quite moved when he heard this.What Lockhart said is indeed correct: Of course, the fewer people in gambling games, the better the business. That's how lottery goblins in Europe do it, but...   Why are you looking for me?
    Gonuk asked suspiciously, 
   I remember that Ragnol is your partner.
   Lockhart has long been prepared:    First, his status is not as high as yours, and he cannot be suppressed as much as you can. Second, he still has to spare his energy to manage the oil business. Third... many friends, many articles Lu, what do you think?
   
   Ah... It seems that you are not very worried about Ragnol.
    Gonuk understood immediately, 
   Of course, that guy is a villain who has nothing to gain, and you really shouldn't put all your chips on him. , but I can't trust you completely.
   
   So?
    Lockhart knew he would.
   How are you going to compensate me if I take over all the debts and don't get the rights?
    Gonuk asked.Lockhart pretended to be surprised:    I thought you were a person who dared to take risks for profit.
   
   You don't need to provoke me like this.
    Gonuk is obviously very shrewd, 
   It's not that I don't believe in your credit, Lockhart. Although Ludo Bagman is likely to break the contract, the credit of mankind will also collapse completely. But I still choose to believe in you...
   Because the goblin always puts words first when speaking, so Lockhart didn't bother to continue being polite with him.
   It's a great honor, but I personally think that you don't trust me more because you believe in my 15 galleons in Gringotts and 700 million pounds in Lloyds Bank.
    Loha This is what the special purpose is.
   And your shares in Nigerian oil wells... Don't look at me like that, of course, whether it's a human or a goblin, shouldn't his credit be determined by his wealth?
    Gonuk asked back.Lockhart shook his head again and again:    
   We have different opinions, so we don't argue.But what do you want me to do? 
   
   It's very simple.
    Gonuk's voice was high-pitched and thin: Fel has to write a guarantee statement. If I don't get the right to operate the sports lottery, you will be responsible for compensating my losses.    Lockhart sneered in his heart—this guy's reaction was completely within his expectations.
   That's interesting.
    He retorted immediately, 
   You're taking a risk for this., but you will also get all the benefits because of it. Now you want me to help you take the risk, so should you also give me half of the shares in the lottery operation?In that case, why don't I take on all the debt myself? 
   
   You can't do that!
    Gonuk yelled, 
   Finance, and speculative things, only us goblins can do it!
   
   Really? Which law says it?
    Lockhart asked contemptuously.Gonuk immediately fell silent.Seeing that he didn't speak, Lockhart pursued the victory:    What if I signed the guarantee agreement, you and another of your family won the right to operate the lottery, and then you sued me backhandedly, what should I do?
   
   It's impossible, I can't be that...
   Under Lockhart's teasing gaze, Gornuk was defeated.Well, at that moment just now, he really had such thoughts.Seeing him like this, Lockhart knew that the time had come, so he pretended to shake his head, then turned to the left
   Forget it, I'd better find another goblin to do it, you have no sincerity at all...
   Wait!
    Gonuk jumped down from his chair. 
   Young man, be patient when negotiating business! We are still haggling!
   At the end of the negotiation, Gonuk was really worried, so he still sold 10% of the shares to Lockhart, and asked him to help share the risk of 2000 Galleons. If the deal cannot be negotiated, then Lockhart Together with Gonuk, find a way to recover from Bagman.After winning Fudge's reprieve for himself and the goblin's foreign aid, Lockhart's self-rescue behavior finally came to an end.And what he is about to usher in tonight is the main event—the meeting with the representatives of the pure-blood family.earsOf course, he ostensibly invited them here in the name of celebrating the completion of Hogsmeade's transformation.He took the dining area on the second floor of the newly completed movie theater as the venue, and invited these pure-blood family representatives to taste the bottles of good wine that he blackmailed from the goblins in the past two years.Because everyone is a 
   noble
   , they are more 
   reserved
    than goblins, even if the things they are talking about are essentially the same.
   Ladies and gentlemen, we are about to usher in a new era... Today, as the Muggle economy and technology are developing faster and faster, we can no longer allow ourselves to continue to fall behind. We must carry out reform and opening up under conditions. , and the upcoming 
   intermediate trade market
    is our future! 
   After Lockhart first attracted the attention of everyone present, he began to explain his idea of ​​
   intermediate trade
    to the representatives of the pure-blood families.Because the size of the wizarding world's economy is too small and the population is too small, it is doomed to be impossible to try to adopt a 
   big and comprehensive
    economic system like the big Muggle countries.The economic model applicable to the wizarding world is actually a small country model, that is, most industries should be abandoned, such as daily necessities and industrial products, and should be imported from Muggles.Just like Luxembourg, Switzerland, the three Nordic countries, and Singapore in Asia, although they are all small countries and have given up competing with those powerful countries in agriculture and large industries, they rely on their unique industrial technology and regional advantages to make their citizens Both the average gross product and average income have reached a very high level.
   ...This is the only way out for the wizarding world. We must concentrate our strength and use our unique magic technology to create value that Muggles cannot create, in order to obtain excess profits, instead of competing with Muggle farmers. The pumpkins are well grown, and the ironwork produced by the Muggle Ironworks is of better quality.We can even create a new model - that is, import from mugglesCheap industrial products are then modified with magic, and finally sold back to Muggles at several times or dozens of times the price.And this, I call 'intermediate trade'. 
   The representatives of the pure-blood families were not so easy to fool, and despite Lockhart's hype, if they couldn't see the rabbit, they would never falcon.
   Can you give an example?
    Mr. Farley asked the crowd.He seems to be asking a question, but he is actually helping Lockhart out of a siege. Lockhart must remember this favor.Of course, Mr. Farley is probably doing himself a favor, because he has acquiesced in the matter between Lockhart and his daughter, but he hasn't talked about it yet.
   
   
Chapter 114   
   
   
   There are so many things that can be done... such as physical and psychological medical services, such as automobiles, airplanes, industrial product processing, and mining and military services...
   
   Wait?
    Someone interrupted him, 
   We can understand everything else, just like the Hogwarts flea market, some Muggle things are really useful... But you were talking about military affairs just now?
   Lockhart affirmed his doubts:    Yes, military cooperation. The Muggle world is not a monolith, and they may not even be able to handle domestic security issues well... Now there is a very good opportunity, if I If my position in the Ministry of Magic can be preserved, I intend to try again.
   Everyone seemed a little hesitant when they heard the words. If it was just a sale, the scale should be controlled. Pure blood families are still the ones that make the most profits, but military cooperation...
   I think this needs to be discussed in the long term...is it urgent?
    someone asked.Damn, the sooner the better, because all the Muggle phones can send text messages. 
   Lockhart meant a lot.p.so Happy New Year, I wish you all a happy and comfortable life.2月只有28天，作者却依然要完成30天的工作量，要写15万字，每天就得更5千5_（：3Jz）_,反正作者是过不了年了Chapter 240 Two Muggle Prime MinisterLockhart doesn't know if the pure-blood family has a sense of urgency, but he has a strong sense of urgency now.Although the dissemination of some movies was banned by the Ministry of Magic, the people present were all 
   ruling class
   , so Lockhart said a few truths.For example, the upcoming information technology revolution in the Muggle world—from the Internet to mobile communications, and even to digitization, automation, and intelligence.As long as these are completed, the wizard's magic will no longer have the advantage it has today.Because of his mixed blood status, the people present did not doubt his rhetoric, and all accepted his point of view—that is, if the wizarding world does not change, it will not work.But their only requirement is 
   controllable
   , that is, no matter what Lockhart intends to do, the pure-blood family must know.If this was before Lockhart, even if he agreed, he would secretly bury some hidden tricks or simply put his cleverness on the bright side.But now he needs to let Fudge play the mouse, so he has to compromiseOnly in this way can he make the pure-blood family feel that he is 
   easy to use
    and refuse to change easily to avoid risks.On the one hand, he had to help Dumbledore complete the reforms he wanted, and on the other hand, he had to let the pure-blood family see the benefits. Only in this way could he prevent Fudge from stirring up his mind.Although there are only a few hundred people in the Ministry of Magic, the ones with the most evil spirits are always small temples, and the ones with more bastards are often shallow ponds. With just a few hundred people, the internal doorway is probably no less than that of Whitehall. .— After the reception, the delegates dispersed with a trace of drunkenness, and theyBefore leaving, he also hinted that the policy and team left by Barty Crouch did not want to change.With their words, Lockhart was relieved—with Fudge's indecisive temperament, he would never dare to go against the opinions of Dumbledore, pure blood and goblins at the same time.Lockhart's self-rescue action is not without hard work, and God is finally not blind this time, and did not cause Lockhart any trouble.No one in the Ministry of Magic was surprised when Barty Crouch Sr. was dismissed.But when Fudge announced that 
   the rest of the staff will not be transferred, and Gilderoy Lockhart will temporarily act as the Director of the Department of International Cooperation
   , other Ministry of Magic employees were somewhat dumbfounded.Even if it is promotion, there is no such speed of promotion?It's only been less than a year!Although this is just an 
   acting
    director, who doesn't know that after the Quidditch World Cup and the Big Five Tournament are over, Lockhart's position will become unshakable?Fudge's reaction was surprising, and Lockhart's reply was even more surprising.He immediately publicly stated that although some accidents happened to the Ministry of Magic a few days ago, the progress of the preparations already in progress will not be interrupted, and the excellent situation since Minister Fudge took office will definitely not change the trend because of one or two accidents.Speaking of this, anyone with a little brain can't know that there must be some kind of tacit understanding between Fudge and Lockhart, otherwise they wouldn't be singing together like thisThose who were originally planning to make some small moves out of it, or simply take the opportunity to make waves, at this moment very consciously put their flags down and stopped mentioning this matter.People who are in the political arena, you don't need to be ignorant of power tactics, but you must know the direction of the wind, otherwise you will definitely not be able to sit still.As a result, Lockhart easily took over half of the affairs of the International Affairs Department.Not only has the power not been reduced, but it has also expanded a lot.The reason why it was only half was because he generously returned the part of the company that he had not set foot in to his original colleagues.It's cool to take power that doesn't belong to you, but because he doesn't understand the relevant affairs, it's easy to make a fool of himself if he insists on taking over everything, so it's better to give them to the original people generously.For example, the exchange of international magic languages, the standards of international trade items, and spell-casting equipment, etc., Lockhart is completely unfamiliar with this, and these powers are useless.As long as these people are savvy enough, they will definitely come to cater to the new boss Lockhart, and with the help of old Barty Crouch, Lockhart's position will be as stable as Ben Nevis.As the so-called three fires of a new official take office, Lockhart's first fire is the reception of tourists at Hogsmeade Resort.Brother-in-law William has been interacting with people in the oil futures investment circle during this period of time, and has already met many highly respected people in the industry. If he came forward to invite someone, the other party had no reason to refuse.Although the Sniff Drilling Company is a rising star in the oil market, it discovered a large oil field shortly after its establishment and was recognized by the Nigerian government. This is not something ordinary small companies can do.Therefore, as a prominent figure in the company, William still has a lot of face.As soon as he said that he invited these people to 
   rehabilitate
   , these people readily agreed.From their point of view, the Sniff Drilling Company definitely wanted to use them, so it came to win them over first, and this kind of benefit was not for nothing.After confirming the itinerary of these people, Lockhart felt relieved and started his second big move.He had asked Fudge for access to the portrait of the Muggle Prime Minister's office - which was notIt was an idle move, and Fudge obviously didn't realize how important this thing was.In 1994, the Prime Minister of the United Kingdom was named John Major.I am afraid that many people have no impression of this Prime Minister of the United Kingdom.Whether it was Mrs Thatcher before or Blair later, they were more famous than him when they were prime ministers.For outsiders, apart from knowing that the UK experienced the pound crash when he was in power, it is difficult to think of his other performances, so most people really can't remember his name.However, Lockhart was not among these people.Because he was one of his subordinates 
   before
    and had read some biographies about him, Lockhart knew this person very well.When this buddy graduated from school, he only passed three of the six graduation exams, and the other three were re-examinations through unknown means many years later. Therefore, cabinet secretaries usually do not consider it when they need to make rational decisions. his opinion.And the prime minister's arithmetic level is also very commendable. When he was working as a bus conductor in his first job, he was fired by the bus company because he often miscalculated the change.It is precisely because Major has such an excellent level of mathematics that he naturally entered the banking system.After a brief exile, Major was finally accepted by the British Standard Chartered Bank and became a director there, and later became a member of the British Bankers Association.Of course, academic level and governance ability are usually irrelevant. We should understand this. As the prime minister of a country, the more important quality is whether he can stay calm in times of crisis and stand up to inspire everyone keep fighting.However, on 
   Black Wednesday
   , Major hid in the closet and cried bitterly because of a mental breakdown, which really made the Great Empire too worthy of its name, so since then, many British people have been very fond of it. He has an opinion.But civil servants like this prime minister very much, because such a prime minister basically does not interfere with the 
   normal functioning
    of the civil service systemIn short, Lockhart felt that the Prime Minister must be a good (qi) (fu) person.And the prime minister, who was being locked by Lockhart, was lying on his desk, frowning.1994 was not a good year for Major, mostly personallySAfter experiencing the crisis of the British pound crash, although the UK did experience some turmoil, the lower exchange rate also increased the UK’s exports. Coupled with the increase in the UK’s international voice after the Gulf War, the UK’s economy has faintly improved. positive trend.It's a pity that these did not bring any benefits to Major. His 
   return to people's livelihood
    policy has achieved little results, and his 
   war on street thugs
    has also been lost because of the rising unemployment rate. Several scandals erupted one after another among several members of the group, which made his popularity among the people reach a freezing point.Although Major won the favor of the British royal family with German origin by virtue of his statement of 
   joining Europe
   , he could not tell Her Majesty the truth that 
   the reason why we are pro-Europe and joining Europe is to divide Europe
   . I am afraid that I will still be splinted in the future.And just a few days ago, Major had received retaliation for his tough attitude towards the IRA-even though he had already been secretly negotiating with the Irish side.The IRA staged a prison break and allowed six IRA prisoners to escape from what the British call a 
   prison within a prison
   .What makes the British even more ashamed is that the six fugitives still passed to the prisonGuns were smuggled in the prison, and he escaped by threatening the guards with guns.You know, in order to save money, the British did not equip the prison guards with guns, but each with a baton, so when they saw the guns in the hands of fugitives, they had to arrest them without a fightAlthough the disgraced British made amends and dispatched a helicopter in time to search for the fugitives, only 4 people were caught in the end, and the other two escaped to unknown places.As soon as this incident happened, the face of the British government could be said to have been completely humiliated, and Major, as the prime minister, could hardly absolve himself of the responsibility, even if he felt that he should not bear this responsibility.But the opposition party didn't care that much. They would claim that it was because of Major's request to cut administrative expenses, so the prison guards lacked weapons, and the poor management of the prison was naturally his responsibility.The last time Major asked for a vote of confidence in himself in the party, although it was passed in the end, the number of leading votes was only more than 20 votes, which was completely within the margin of error. It was already very dangerous. If something happened again this time, he I'm afraid I can't even sit still.Just when Major was downcast, the portrait who had been dozing in his office suddenly opened his eyes.
   Your Excellency the Prime Minister, Gilderoy Lockhart, Director of the Department of International Affairs and Cooperation of the Ministry of Magic, asks to see you.
   Major was taken aback—he thought his office was empty.Although he immediately realized that the portrait was speaking, he was not relieved by it.Because according to past experience, every time he saw that man named 
   Fudge
   , nothing good happened. He basically told him that something went wrong in the wizarding world, which affected the rule of 
   Muggles
   , so he asked the prime minister to help Fudge Wipe your ass.Conscience of heaven and earth, he has already had a lot of troubles, but why does he alwaysHelp others solve problems?For example, a year ago, the 
   Sirius Black jailbreak
    incident gave Major a headache, but in the end he called the police and issued arrest warrants for the wizardsAs a result, Fudge suddenly came to inform him again, saying that the wanted criminal had not actually committed a crime, and his wanted arrest had been cancelled.If it weren't for his ignorance of Fudge's depth, I'm afraid that Major would have picked up the ink bottle on the desk on the spot and splashed the contents on Fudge's face.How can there be such a playful person?Now that the 
   International Cooperation Department
    of the 
   Ministry of Magic
    came to find him, needless to say, it must be some diplomatic bullshit.
   Could it be the tauren from Greece who proposed to enter England?
    Major asked mockingly at the portrait.The portrait paused for a moment, apparently not expecting the prime minister to ask him a question, and the question got to the point.But when others asked, the portrait had to answer.There are tauren, but there are dragons, sphinxes, and mermaids coming in, as well as veela and leprechauns, maybe there will be American thunderbirds in the future, and African poison horn beasts may also...
   John Major felt like he was going to faint.Chapter 240 Three Extra Special TreatmentWhen Lockhart knocked on the door of the prime minister's office, John Major had already put on a straight face, and was fully prepared to fight the opponent.
   Come in!
    he called to the door.However, Major had just yelled out the words, but he realized something was wrong—those guys who called themselves wizards, they always came without asking, when did they learn to knock on the door?A crack in the doorway and the young man who entered sideways undoubtedly further proved his conjecture: whether it was a meticulously trimmed haircut in the middle or a suit that was ironed extremely neatly, they all revealed an obvious truth to Major. The concept of this person should not be a wizard.   Oh, may I ask which department you belong to? What's the matter?
    Major asked subconsciously.Lockhart raised his eyebrows:    Ministry of Magic, Department of International Affairs and Cooperation... I thought I had informed you, honorable Lord Major.
   At this moment, John Major almost burst into tears.You wizards are calling me right!He still remembers that domineering fat guy named Fudge—he would show up in his office out of thin air at the slightest disagreement, and then slap a few words like 
   murderer
   , 
   dangerous creature
   , 
   giant
    and so on. bad news, and then ask yourself to cooperate.If a minister in his own government dared to talk to him like that, Major vowed to send him to Northern Ireland to clean the toilet the next day.I really don't know who is the prime minister!Ministry of Magic? ' repeated Major.Lockhart became playful: Damn, Prime Minister!Although he didn't know why this employee of the    Ministry of Magic
    was acting like his cabinet secretaries, Major felt a moment of relief.In all fairness, Major didn't like the style of those civil servants talking to him in a tone of voice, but this style of doing things was at least familiar to him, and the way wizards used to behave really made him feel a little unacceptable.
   Okay, Lockhart... What can you do, Chief?
   Major put down the document he had been pretending to be looking at, then pointed to the chair in front of the desk, motioning for Lockhart to sit down.Although he didn't know what this inexplicable Ministry of Magic was until now, it didn't prevent him from doing things according to his habits.Lockhart sat down unceremoniously:    Thank you... I'm here today, mainly to report four things to you... Oh, you don't have to be so worried, it's all good news.
   
   Great, I just want to hear the good news now, I've heard enough bad news,
    Major said self-deprecatingly.Lockhart pretended not to hear Major's chatter, but started to talk about the business:    First thing, I think you may have heard... the Quidditch World Cup, which is a kind of ball in the wizarding world. Sports competitions - will be held in England soon, the Irish team has entered the finals, there may be tens of thousands of foreign wizards entering the country, and the venue is here...
   Lockhart took out a map and pointed out a location to Prime Minister Major—a wild mountain in England, which had no use other than camping.While we have cast related spells against non-magical people, if something unusual happens that attracts the attention of ordinary people, I hope we can speak with one voice - namely a group of drunk hippies in the wild. Party, okay? 
   Major stared at Dead Fisheye, but his eyes were not on the map.
   I remember... you said it was good news?
    he demanded.
   Isn't it?
    Lockhart pretended to be confused.I don't see anything good about this news, other than the troubles left.
    Major complained, 
   It's a big event again, we try to cover it up, but we can't do anything to the people who cover it up. Explain why...
   
   But the Irish team is very likely to win the championship!
    Lockhart said exaggeratedly
   
   
Chapter 115   
   
   
   That's none of our business...
    Major spread his hands.Lockhart's tone was not without blame:    Look at what you said, England, Wales, Scotland, and Ireland are four in one, and they are all part of the Ministry of Magic. How can you say that it has nothing to do with us?
   Major's dead fish eyes suddenly widened:    Your Ministry of Magic can control the Irish■
   It's an Irish wizard.
    Lockhart corrected, 
   Of course, as Britons, we are very saddened by the political division in Ireland. If you feel the need, we can help you think of a way in this regard in the future... 
   Major stopped his complaints immediately, then waved his hand, motioning for Lockhart to continue:    Okay, I understand...you are going to hold a big competition, and I will notify the local police, so that no matter what they find Leave it alone.
   
   Thank you very much, but we may have more than one big game.
    Lockhart made an apologetic gesture, 
   That's the second thing... After September, we will hold a competition called 
   Five Powers
    The game is held in the Scottish Highlands. To this end, we need to introduce several fire dragons, a sphinx, several thunderbirds, poison horn beasts, and a chimera from abroad. 
   Major was speechless for a while, and then asked back, 
   Where's the poison leopard?
   This time it unexpectedly turned into Lockhart:    You actually know that the poison leopard 0
   That guy told me.
    Major pointed to the portrait in the office
   Oh... because it is too dangerous, and the land corroded by its venom will not be able to grow plants for a long time, we canceled that proposal.
    Lockhart told him.
   Fortunately,
    said Major dryly, 
   but it doesn't seem to have anything to do with me.
   
   If you wish, we can invite you to watch the game. Of course, according to the provisions of the 
   Secrecy Act
   , it is only limited to you and your chief secretary.
    Lockhart said lightly and suddenly.Major didn't react for a moment:    What? Who? Me? Watching the battle?
   
   Yes, in fact, since the establishment of the Ministry of Magic in 1704, our wizarding community has not invited non-magical leaders to participate in large-scale wizarding activities. You may be the first one, but considering the relationship between you and us Pleasant cooperation, we decided to make an exception.
   ,Lockhart seemed very patient, and he quietly created a storm in Major's heart.After Major figured it out, a great sense of excitement and satisfaction immediately flooded into his blood and mind.
   Wait, you mean, I can go to the scene to see dragons, chimeras, sphinxes, and unicorns?
    There was indescribable excitement in his tone.
   There is no unicorn, it is too timid and shy to be used in competitions.
    Corrected Lockhart.
   Great.
    Major seemed excited as if he hadn't heard this sentence, 
   What kind of speech should I prepare?
   We don't intend for you to give a speech, Lockhart thought.But he could understand Major's excitement: as the saying goes, a man is a child until he dies,It's also perfectly normal for him to feel excited when a fantasy world suddenly opens up to him.Lockhart could have declined the prime minister's request to speak, but he was surprisingly eloquent at this moment.   We will hold a welcome party for you, during which there will be celebrities from the wizarding world to welcome you. As for your speech... because this competition is at an international level, besides us in the UK, there are also the United States, France, and Norway. , Uganda’s magic school, considering language and customs issues, we hope you can use our prepared speech.” He said to Major.
   Wow, that was quite a party...
   ——Hearing that there were Americans and French among the guests, Major immediately raised his emphasis on this competition to another level:    Uh, in this competition, are we Britons considered big?
   
   It's huge.
    Of course Lockhart refused to lose face.Fortunately, what Major wanted was simply to show off, so the speech was very important to him, and the content of the speech was not that important, so he immediately agreed to Lockhart's condition.Anyway, my speeches are usually prepared by political officials and secretaries.It doesn't matter if it's just another place to be a ruthless reading machine.Chapter 240 The First Return from the Wizarding WorldAfter talking about these two things, the atmosphere in the office has improved a lot compared to the beginning.While the Prime Minister was happy, Lockhart began to talk about the real drama:Io We owed you a lot when we caught the most wanted man Sirius o Blake some time ago, but we haven't been able to repay it. We feel very guilty, especially after finding out that it was the wrong person in the end 5 of us Feeling even worse…”Lockhart said this with an apologetic expression on his face, as if any wizard would feel guilty about Muggles.But Prime Minister Major didn't know that Lockhart was acting. Even though he had seen so many duplicity people, Lockhart belonged to the kind he couldn't see through.Besides, he thought it was perfectly normal for Lockhart to feel guilty, because the wizards had really caused him a lot of trouble.Regardless of his    high position and authority
   , it seems that it is not difficult to issue a warrant for Sirius Black in the Muggle world, but in fact he has also endured a lot of pressure.Especially when the police station searched all over the country's household registration and did not find this person named 
   Sirius * Black
   , many policemen complained that their prime minister had another convulsion and teased them with a non-existent person It's boring.When members of the backbench questioned the Prime Minister 
   tactfully
    about this, Major was at a loss for words—he couldn't explain to his subordinates and members of parliament what was going onIf he really told the truth, those guys would be overjoyed, and immediately called the doctor from the madhouse, and put the tights of the sick man on him.He had hoped to restore his reputation after catching this man named Blake, but that damned fat Fudge just said lightly, 
   WeGet it wrong
    and get rid of him, now, so to speak, in Major's dilemma.
   That incident really caused me a lot of trouble, and I still don't know how to explain it to the police station.
    Meijie once again straightened his face, and the speed of changing his face was even faster than that of Sichuan magicians:    If you I'd be very grateful to have that guy named Blake explain it himself.
   
   Of course, it should be so.
    Lockhart is now as easy-talking as a receptionist in a bathing center, 
   and we are determined to redeem this negative influence for you.
   Major became a little more interested:    Oh? What plan do you have?
   
   I heard that some prisoners from your side have escaped recently, is that true?
    Lockhart asked.Major's lips tightened unconsciously—it's such a bad story, how did even the wizard hear about it?
   Why, are you going to solve this problem for me?
   Major crossed his legs, trying to make himself look more relaxed, but his expression management was not very good, so he couldn't do it in the end.
   Why not?
    Lockhart asked.Major was taken aback for a moment, then overjoyed:    You mean, your people are willing to help me catch those two terrorists?
   
   Of course, I hope this can compensate you.
    Lockhart crossed his hands. 
   In fact, as long as we know their names and looks, we can find them within 10 minutes, even if they are hiding at the bottom of the Atlantic Ocean.
   
   They have guns,
    Major reminded.
   A firearm is nothing more than a tool that is fired by gunpowder and then uses high-speed metal objects to physically kill. Any wizard who has received basic education can save himself from such clumsy physical damage.
    Lockhart said without changing his face. tell a lie.In fact, all protective spells such as the Iron Armor Curse have limits, and witchesUnless the teacher is well prepared, the speed of chanting incantations is far slower than that of firearms, even silent incantations are slower.But Prime Minister Major didn't know this, he was bluffed by Lockhart anyway.
   That would be great...why don't we start yet?
    He stood up immediately.Lockhart tried to calm him down:    Don't be impatient, Lord Major, you can catch these guys at any time, it's just that we have more than one thing to solve now, such as how to make Black's arrest warrant reasonable. Withdrawal, this also requires us to think of more ways.
   Hearing that what he said was reasonable, Major sat down again:    Tell me, I think you must have an idea.
   
   A half-baked idea...I want to put these two things together to solveSeeing that he had indeed attracted the Prime Minister's attention, Lockhart began to explain his ideas.Lockhart's idea is not complicated-since the police don't believe in the existence of Sirius Black, let him show up by himself and help the police catch the two fugitives. No matter how stupid the police are, seeing the arrest warrant People on the top will not admit their mistakes after appearing in front of them.
   Then how do we explain that he's not on the file?
    Major asked again.Lockhart immediately gave the answer:    Just use your most common method—because it needs to be kept secret, this reason can explain everything.
   Major felt that Lockhart's words were harsh, but after thinking about it carefully, he found that he had no way to refute.Because Lockhart is right, this is the government's most common method of cover-up.Seeing that the Prime Minister stopped talking, Lockhart continued to express his ideas:    ...we can say that Black is actually a secret agent of the government bureau, ordered by the Prime MinisterThe warrant was issued to infiltrate the enemy, so the arrest warrant was issued only to confuse the enemy, but now Black has followed the vine, obtained the information that the enemy smuggled weapons into the UK, and caught the terrorist who escaped from prison...
   Major understood:    In this way, the issue of withdrawing the arrest warrant and lack of files can be solved together, and even the arrest of terrorists can be used as... Wait!
   Halfway through his speech, he suddenly felt a little confused.
   But we don't know how the terrorists smuggled weapons in,
    he said.While talking, Lockhart took out-A
    crystal bottle.
   This—it's called Veritaserum, it's colorless and tasteless, as long as you drink three drops, the prisoner will confess everything he knows, even if his old mother stole a few men back then. .”Major swallowed, and glanced nervously at the crystal bottle in Lockhart's hand, wondering if he should trust him.But after thinking about it for a while, he still compromised.
   If that's the case, you can try it, and... this will also eliminate the bad influence.
    The Prime Minister whispered.Lockhart put the crystal bottle on his table:    I hope this can make up for some of our mistakes. We don't want you to misunderstand us and think that we wizards are a bunch of irresponsible people.
   
   Absolutely not.
    Major couldn't take his eyes off the vial.Chapter 240 Five People Who Know the RulesTo be honest, if possible, Major didn’t want to use Veritaserum to interrogate any prisoner at all. He wanted to pour this into the mouth of the newly elected leader of the British Labor Party, Anthony Blair, and asked him what he was going to use what plot to attack yourselfIt's a pity that the opposition party is attacking too tightly now, so he can only use it for interrogation, and try to find a way to blackmail another bottle from this wizard later.Thinking about it in his mind, he realized that Lockhart had already told him three things.
   So, what's the last thing?
    Major asked.
   The last thing is a private matter.
    Lockhart smiled. 
   Although it's not good to talk about private matters during office hours, fortunately, no one knows about it here.
   - Hearing that this is a private matter, Major raised his vigilance a little:    What's the matter?
   
   Well... we wizards have been running a little business in Nigeria lately. I hear you went to Nigeria when you were young, didn't you?
    Lockhart asked.Hearing his question, Major immediately put his left hand on his slightly inconvenient left leg.
   God bless me, that's where I got into a car accident. Even if you want me to forget it, I can't forget it,
    Major replied.He has already vaguely guessed what Lockhart will say
   And you are a member of the Bankers' Guild now?
    Lockhart asked.
   I'm ashamed, but...it's not good to be the Prime Minister. Many organizations will come here without invitation.
    Major said 
   modestly
   .Lockhart made a happy look:    That's great, our small business over there is in great need of someone who is proficient in finance and has a good understanding of the Nigerian environment.More familiar consultants, would you like to condescend and settle down?Mei Jie thought that this guy really came to him after doing enough homework, and every move hit his weakness.He really feels recently that his position as prime minister is not stable, and he doesn't get much support in the party. According to the usual practice, he should also start to find a way out for himself.
   What deal?
    Major blurted out.But as soon as the words came out of his mouth, he regretted a little—now that the other party wanted something from him, he should be more reserved.- this evil wizard must have cast a spell on him - Major reassured himself.But Lockhart didn't use Legilimency on him, and he didn't know the careful thoughts that were going on in the Prime Minister's mind, so he honestly told his details.
   Oil, our company has just drilled a few oil wells and is preparing to exploit them and enter the London futures market for trading.
   
   Nigeria...Oil...
   Major repeated this sentence, as if something suddenly lit up in his mind.He stood up suddenly:    Hey, man, do you guys start the Sniff Drilling Company?
    
   Although the Prime Minister has a lot of things to do every day, anything that is related to the lifeline of the country like oil is not a trivial matter, so of course Major learned something from people he knew in the market early on.Some oil tycoons approached Major in political clubs, and they all expressed concern about the emergence of the Sniff Drilling Company because it was not under their control.Moreover, this company doesn't even drill exploration wells, and every well drilled will produce oil from one well. The return on investment is too high. If it continues like this- 
   Britain's oil industry is in danger of being shaken
   Because it is 
   uncoordinated with virtue
    and does not belong to the sphere of influence of the traditional oil circle, everyone is eyeing this 
   small
    company with a registered capital of only tens of millions of pounds.Everyone wants to swallow it, but no one knows the details of this company, so they have been afraid to do it.But now the truth is out—it's a company run by wizards!After learning the truth, Prime Minister Major did not relax. His headache now is how to explain to his Conservative Party donors.
   It's a drilling company run by wizards with magic skills, so it's all right 5Major was sure that if he dared to say that to those people, they would immediately launch a vote of no confidence in him in the party on the grounds of 
   insane tongue L
   .Seeing his hesitation, Lockhart thought it was because he hadn't made an offer yet.
   In terms of annual salary, our board of directors believes that 20 pounds is a more reasonable figure, what do you think?
    He asked.
   
   
Chapter 116   
   
   Major took a deep breath:    The fire strategy... I'm afraid it's really not about money. If possible, I hope your directors will come to the XX clubhouse.
   Lockhart heard the strings and knew the meaning: o I see, it seems that our company makes some people feel very embarrassed, doesn't it?In fact, we do not reject investment. After all, if we only have tens of millions of pounds, it will be difficult to continue to expand our business.    
   Of course it's best.
    Major's eyes lit up.If that's the case, I might as well accept the company's offer and save some coffin books for myself.Major thought.At this moment, Lockhart suddenly had an idea.So he sat up a little more and put on a more serious expression.
   It's like this... just right, as part of our sincerity, our company is planning to invite a group of people who are well-known in the oil investment circle to take a vacation in a resort in which our company's directors hold 50% of their shares. I hope you can help us Just give us a chance to talk to them... trust me, we'll make them happy.
   Major laughed too—wizards weren't all ignorant idiots, it seemed.
   I hope my face is enough,
    Major said.Of course, Lockhart would not doubt the question of whether the prime minister of a country has enough face: now he only worries about how to take advantage of this opportunity to complete his political layout in one go without telling Fudge.So he took out a small leather bag and threw it on the table.After the cowhide bag fell on the table, there was a dull metal crashing sound, and then the mouth of the bag, which was not tied so firmly, was opened.   Thank you for attending our grand meeting and delivering a speech. This is the speech fee paid to you in advance. According to our market price, it is about 200 galleons... I will bring Blake over tomorrow morning, goodbye!
   After Lockhart finished speaking, he stood up, apparently not intending to give Major any chance of refusal.And Major stared at the golden light that was exposed from the mouth of the cowhide bag, and wanted to refuse aloud, but he couldn't open his mouth no matter what.It wasn't until Lockhart apparated and disappeared from his office that Major glanced at the door guiltily, looked at the empty portraits on the wall, and then quickly put the bag into the drawer of his desk.Although according to Gringotts' current official exchange rate, 200 galleons can only be exchanged for 1400 pounds, Major didn't know it.He secretly took out a gold coin and estimated it. A Galleon weighs about 1/8 ounce.0 galleons should also be worth at least six or seven thousand pounds.Very good, this is a guy who knows the rules, it seems that this business can be done for a long time in the futureBecause it was a complete windfall, while Major was delighted, he automatically ignored the trivial matter of Lockhart's bribery in the office.Wizards are ignorant!Major felt suddenly tolerant.Chapter 240 Six PerformanceThe next morning, Lockhart dragged Sirius Black into the drawing room of Whitehall as promised.Because Hogwarts was on vacation now, Sirius returned to London after wandering outside for a few months, and was going to monitor the Dursleys nearby to prevent them from mistreating Harry.But before he could start threatening Vernon Dursley, Lockhart captured him and asked him to cooperate with the Muggle government's arrest operation.Sirius didn't want to come, but when Lockhart showed him his wanted notices all over the street, he reluctantly gave in.If he wanted to find a house near Privet Drive, he would inevitably have to deal with the Muggles around him.As a result, he must find a way to revoke his arrest warrant, otherwise he will have to live a life where passers-by report to the police nine times even when he goes out to buy a newspaper
   Only this time, it's not an example next time.
    Sirius said with a bad face.It didn't take Lockhart and the others too much time to hunt down the two escaped prisoners. Sirius used a tracking spell, Lockhart used a group hypnosis, and combined with a total restraint, the two resting escapees were caught without a fight.If these two people were prepared, Lockhart and the others probably wouldn't have succeeded so easily. However, the two were hiding in a locked garage at the time and were concentrating on eating, so Lockhart didn't bother at all. Jin then caught them, and they didn't even know what happened when they were caught.Next, Lockhart and Sirius took one person, revealed the prisoner's entourage to the Whitehall reception room, and 
   each escaped prisoner was handed over to the suspicious chief of Scotland Yard (London Police Department) who came at the invitation of the Prime Minister.Seeing Lockhart appear, Prime Minister Major was visibly relieved.He hurriedly introduced Sirius to the director of Scotland Yard, and asked him to revoke Black's arrest warrant according to the caliber agreed with Lockhart in advance.The director was very surprised to see that the two escaped prisoners were caught.Although Scotland Yard is only responsible to the Queen in name, in fact they are still under the jurisdiction of the British Home Office, and the status of the London Police Station is relatively detached from the local police stations.In other words, there is some discord between the central and local governments.This prison break happened in the north, but it was Scotland Yard who finally caught the fugitive. For the chief, this is undoubtedly a very face-saving matter.But happy to be happy, some things still need to be clarified.
   Excuse me Mr. Black...why don't we have your file?
    asked the Chief.■■■Sirius obeyed Lockhart's 
   don't say a word
    confession, mouthShut tight.Major quickly took over the words:    I'm sorry, Charlie, your level of confidentiality is not enough. Originally, we planned to reserve this operator for great use, but for you, I have to overkill. Now let's give full play to his value. ...he can only retire early.
   
   Not enough secrecy? Come on, John, I'm the Chief of the Metropolitan Police!
    Charlie shouted in disbelief.
   Yes, it's just not enough.
    Major made a serious face, 
   Don't ask what you shouldn't ask, you know...
   Seeing the prime minister's resolute attitude, the bureau chief had no choice but to change the subject:    Well, how did they escape? How did they get arrested? I always have the right to ask.
   Major immediately set his sights on LockhartLockhart made a gesture of reassurance to the Prime Minister.
   According to our investigation, the Irish Republican Army bought off the local gangsters near the prison, and then the gangsters sent several locals to work in the food center and hid the parts of the guns in the metal dinner plates given to the prisoners. Collect the parts and assemble them in prison...After escaping from the prison, they divided into three teams. One team followed the main road to attract the attention of the police; the other team fled to the small road and then went north along the wheat field; side, and then swam to the downstream, according to their confession, this is to avoid the infrared thermal imager used by the police...
   
   No wonder the helicopters didn't find them.
    The director suddenly realized.What Lockhart said is true, but the way to obtain these things is through probing the memory of the fugitive. Not to mention Scotland Yard, even the fugitive himself may not know how Lockhart obtained this information.In the face of the credit at his fingertips, the director actually didn't care how the information was obtained. Anyway, the prime minister said that it should be kept secret, so he didn't bother to continue to ask the bottom line.He happily called his subordinates and asked them to escort the two fugitives back to the police station and inform the reporter that he would swiftly swallow the credit before everyone reacted.Of course, when narrating his achievements, he must not forget to mention the prime minister.After the chief of police left, Lockhart officially fulfilled his promise, and he finally won the trust of Muggle Prime Minister Major.Although Major was still very unfamiliar with the wizarding world at this time, he no longer simply regarded the wizarding world as a 
   trouble
    like when he first came to power.If you want to say it, it should be regarded as 
   an interesting existence that can barely talk, can cooperate occasionally, and does not have much conflict of interest.
   Although Major was a member of the Conservative Party, his background was not very good, and his family was onceHe was also poor and down and out, so he could be regarded as a civilian prime minister.Compared with those veteran politicians, Major's political resources are really not rich, so someone like Lockhart who can bring him some resources is very precious to him.Don't look at him doing everything in front of Lockhart, but what he didn't explain to Lockhart-the point is, if there is no Sniff Drilling Company, he actually has nothing to do with those oil tycoons.Lockhart knew all this well, that's why he dared to make an offer to Major.Because he knows that the British political scene has undergone a major turning point since 1970.Before the 20s, that is, before Prime Minister Heath took office, almost all British prime ministers were from land aristocracy.After Heath, Mrs. Thatcher, Major, and Blair are not traditional aristocrats, but 
   elite management class
   Many people think that Britain has become a bourgeois country since the 
   Glorious Revolution
   , but it is not entirely true. According to the textbooks, it still 
   retains a large number of feudal remnants
   , which is 
   one time Incomplete Revolution
   So, how incomplete is this 
   incomplete
   ?In fact, until the new millennium, that is, the 21st century, the British land aristocracy still controlled 1/3 of the country's farmland, even though their power and status were not worth mentioning compared to a century ago.As we all know, Rowling is just a novelist, and she doesn't understand the social composition of the wizarding world at all (laughs), so the status quo of the dilapidated pure-blood wizarding families in her writings is largely based on references to those on the verge of bankruptcy in the UK today. Described by descendants of land nobles.If this is the case in the British Muggle political arena, then the political arena in the wizarding world is even more stubborn, and the pure-blood family's control of the political power has reached a frenzied level.For example, the Diggory family, they were the first Minister of Magic to set up an Auror recruitment system. The reason why Cedric Diggory was able to win the Hogwarts Duel Tournament twice in a row is because his family has hundreds of thousands of dollars. Over the years, all Auror's combat skills are closely related to the summary of experience.Another example is the Lestrange family, Voldemort’s loyal idiots, whose family, Juradofus Lestrange, once wanted to close the Department of Mysteries when he was Minister of Magic; Draco Malfoy School girlfriend Parkinson, whose family ancestor tried to outlaw Muggle marriage when he was Minister of Magic;There is also the Flint family, the old captain of the Slytherin Quidditch team-his ancestor Josephine Flint once pointed out that 
   Muggle telegrams can interfere with the normal operation of the wand
    when he was the Minister of Magic. .Of course, this accusation is baseless. The reason why old Flint did not want the telegraph to enter the wizarding world was only because he was worried that the business of the family-run owl shop and owl post office would be affected. Many Muggle readers of Rowling thought that radio and telegraph could Interfering with the operation of magic was actually a rumor spread by the Flint family.Hagrid bought Harry's owl, Hedwig, from the Flints' Ella Owl Shop - which was still in operation during Voldemort's reign.This fact fully illustrates one point—that is, the reason why a pure-blood family like Flint supports Voldemort is, to put it bluntly, for profit, not for some shit idea.Even Lockhart's current girlfriend, Gemma Farley, and her grandfather, Hector Farley, also served as the Minister of Magic, but was kicked out because of his ineffective response to the Grindelwald Rebellion.The influence of the pure-blood family in the wizarding world can be described as intertwined. If there is no major change, it is almost impossible for Lockhart to become the Minister of Magic with his own efforts. His half-blood status naturally determines that he will not be able to take the position unless he is willing to change his surname to Farley. .Don't forget, even after the victory of the second war against Voldemort, the Minister of Magic in the wizarding world is still the holy 28 Kingsley Shacklebolt who was born in pure blood.A British Muggle political arena that has undergone a change at the top political level, and a wizarding world where traditional landed nobles still occupy high positions, this is the current status quo.Lockhart needed Major, the Muggle Prime Minister, to help him rise to power, so he was also happy to help him when the other party was in troubleIf possible, he would like to form a 
   political alliance of grassroots politicians
    with Major, and if he wanted to realize this idea, he himself had to take the lead in making a statement and gaining the other party's trust.It now appears that this first step has been completed fairly well, and Prime Minister Major has begun to believe in his ability.Chapter 240 Seven Oil TycoonsThat night, Prime Minister Major, who was in a good mood, brought Lockhart to an old club in London, and introduced him to the person Lockhart wanted to meet by name.The man Lockhart had worked so hard to meet was still unknown at the moment, but he knew that this man would shake the world in the future.John Brown, an executive under the British Petroleum Corporation.This person is not a small character. Later, he was named the first of the 50 most influential business leaders in the world by the business community because of the feat of leading BP to become the world's number one. He deserves the title of 
   Emperor of BP
   . head.Even though he retired later, his influence is still among the best in the UK. Not only is he a director of many companies, but he is also employed by several first-class universities as honorary professors.Even Huawei hired this person as a non-executive director when it opened a branch in the UK.Although Brown hadn't served as the CE of BP in 94, and BP was not yet the giant with the largest annual revenue in the world in the future, it was not too long since he took office in 95. Time, and within the company, he can be considered a high position, and has won the trust of many directors.So strictly speaking, Lockhart is not a cold stove.Brown has been working for BP since he was 18 years old, and he is in his forties this year. He is at the age when he is most ambitious. If the prime minister hadn't asked an acquaintance to come forward, Lockhart might not have met him.In the club, Lockhart had a chat with Mr. Brown, saying that Sniff Drilling Company has unique exploration technology, and as the company's managing director, he is also willing to 
   jointly advance and retreat
    with Mr. BrownThe person who can bring BP to the scale in the future is certainly not a fool, Brown is very clear that the strength of the sniffing drilling company is much more than what it seems on the surface-accounting for/\Although Nigeria is rich in oil, most of its oil exploration and trading are carried out through two foreign companies, namely British Petroleum and Dutch Shell.BP's sphere of influence has always been in the Niger River Delta. The Nigerian rebels have been staring at it and making trouble here. Local thieves also like to take boats and large barrels to steal from their oil warehouses when they are short of money. Oil is sold, so the cost of extraction has not been reduced.John Brown is also quite troubled by this—if the company can't make any money from these wells, then these oil wells are not so much the company's assets as they are the company's burden.But this sniffing drilling company is obviously very skillful-not only do they drill a well in the local area, but also the oil from a well, and the Nigerian rebels and local residents never harass there, which makes John Brown inexplicable Yu was somewhat angry.He once sent someone to investigate, but the investigator gave him a very unexpected result.
   The Africans told me that the wizards in their village warned them that if they dared to touch the oil from the Nixiu drilling company, then a curse would fall on their heads... It's really evil.
    The investigator smiled wryly. Say.Mr. Brown scoffed at the African superstition, but his question was whether the Nigerian oil wells should continue to be mined.If it keeps going, the company needs to continue to invest, but the company's finances are already very tight, and Brown knows he can't do this.He intends to make the company's finances look good, because only in this way can he make money in the capital marketBut if these oil wells are not maintained, BP, which has lost part of its supply, will undoubtedly lose a lot of say in pricing, which will affect the company's overall profitability.However, the emergence of the sniffing drilling company undoubtedly provided John Brown with a new choice.
   If we sell these oil wells to you, can you take over?
    He asked Lockhart very bluntly.Lockhart didn't intend to hide anything from this future boss, and the company's financial situation couldn't be hidden from these people who have been fighting in the capital market for many years. Relationships with partners.So he told the truth:    Our company's liquidity is not very rich, and there are no financing channels, so if we take over too much at once, our capital chain will be broken immediately.
   John Brown had expected Lockhart's words for a long time - if the sniffing drilling company had strong financial strength, then they would never be able to only drill two or three wells, so he could guess the financial situation.
   So that's how it is...
    Brown pretended to think for a while, and then slowly put forward his own suggestion, 
   If your company is willing to entrust the sales of crude oil to our company with the production in the next few years as collateral, I will You can consider allowing your company to pay in installments, or even to repay the debt in kind of oil.
   
   Physical mortgage? What about the price? As far as I know, pricing power...
   In terms of business, he was obviously afraid that Lockhart knew that the Sniffing Drilling Company had no sales channels, and that the other party's big package would only benefit him, but he still pretended to be embarrassed.
   Of course, the price is discounted by a fixed ratio according to the real-time market price, and then multiplied by several seasonal influence coefficients... Don't worry, we guarantee your satisfaction. We are a big company and we will never do anything wrong with the price. The reputation of BP than this profitMuch more important. 
   Seeing that something was going on, Brown quickly made his own promise, and at the same time gave Major a wink.
   
   
Chapter 117   
   
   According to the rules, the prime minister, who is the middleman, can also get his own benefits from this transaction, but if the transaction fails, the commission will naturally be gone.But Prime Minister Major obviously knew more about Lockhart and the others than Brown, so he didn't dare to speak for Brown completely.God knows if he helped Brown cheat Lockhart, would Lockhart come to his door, like those evil wizards and witches in the stories his mother told when he was a child, turn himself into a toad, and then throw him in the big... Boil the soup with the potatoes in the pot.If that is the case, then I am too wronged, and no one can help me
   Ahem...I personally think it's safer to write such things on paper, especially the composition of the price.
    Major reminded Lockhart tactfully.
   Ah, yes!
    Lockhart seemed to have suddenly realized, 
   It's better to fix all the factors that affect the price, and ignore everything else... For example, the market price must be the annual average price, not the futures market. The floating price of…”Brown looked a little resentful seeing that he hadn't been able to trick anyone.It seems that his actions are a bit slow, and the prime minister has accepted the benefits of the other party in advance——Brown thought so.In order to avoid having long nights and dreams, allowing competitors to reach an agreement with this company that has not been colored by capital first, Brown had to make another concession—he would help Lockhart find Standard Chartered Bank, provide him with a guarantee, and then borrow a sum of money come out.Lockhart agreed to this condition, and under the witness of Major, reached a verbal agreement and a memorandum on a blank sheet of paper with the other party—and the subsequent contractIt's up to a lawyer to do it.To celebrate the conclusion of the agreement, Lockhart took out a bottle of wine blackmailed from the goblin and invited the two to taste it together.That's all for Major, a commoner prime minister, but Brown, a member of the House of Lords who was born as an aristocrat, knows his stuff. He just took a sip and he realized that the wine that Lockhart brought was definitely a rare old wine, and it was of extraordinary value.Something like this should be hidden in the wine cellar of a big family.thought Brown.In a sense, wine is also a business card of ^ldMneys.The reason why many nouveau riche who go to auctions to buy aged wine will pay such a high price is that they want to use it as an entry ticket to the 
   high society
   .It seems that this Mr. Lockhart wants to use this to demonstrate to me and tell me that there are people behind him, so don't use your brains, will you?Brown managed to make himself think too much, but Lockhart really just liked the drink.Chapter 240 Eight From Today You Are An AgentRegardless of the intrigues involved, this transaction is a win-win transaction for Lockhart and for BP.After drinking the celebration wine, Loha Niuyu sent Prime Minister Major to the car, and reiterated his previous promise once again—after Major stepped down, the Sniff Drilling Company would give him a job without going to work. Work for money.Major was naturally very happy. Compared with arguing with the councilors, it was more enjoyable to do this kind of thing, the results were produced quickly, and he got more benefits.In a harmonious atmosphere, they said goodbye to each other and made an appointment to talk about it laterFrom today onwards, Lockhart can be regarded as a name in the heart of the Prime Minister.Major was far more talkative than Lockhart had imagined. No matter how hard he thought about it, he couldn't understand why there was such an impasse between the Ministry of Magic and the Muggle Prime Minister.Sure enough, the world still has to be saved by my brother, otherwise, if Shi Ren continues to fiddle with the idiots of the Ministry of Magic, the wizarding world will probably lag behind by another 50 years.Lockhart thought narcissistically.The police department is very efficient when it comes to things that can be famous.The night after the escapee was arrested, Scotland Yard sheriffs began telling the story in newspapers and on television.On TV, the policemen of Scotland Yard seem to have become the contemporary Sherlock Holmes - through careful investigation, they finally found the traces next to the steam pipes, and then followed the clues to catch the escaped prisoners without disturbing them .
   Our actions were fairly quick, and we caught the escaped prisoners without even noticing them.
    The sheriff on TV said triumphantly.Of course, as part of the deal, Sirius Black also restored his reputation on the Muggle side, and the arrest warrant was withdrawn by the police station.In the introduction of the newspaper, Blake seemed to be a heroic detective of a lone hero. He gained the trust of the gang members through the cover of the wanted warrant, and obtained the conspiracy of the Irish Republican Army from them, and finally cracked the case. A huge case of arms smuggling.Although in Lockhart's view, the story was made up full of mistakes and omissions, the common people didn't seem to pay attention to it. They preferred to read the story rather than the truth, so the matter was actually just like that.Of course, the Vernon Dursleys also saw the news, and it was the night after Blake came to the house for a 
   home visit
   .
   So he's not a murderer...
    Dursley whispered to his wife. 
   He's scaring us.
   Aunt Petunia smiled uglyly:    What's the difference? He still has a gun on hand, and it's legal.
   When Vernon thought about it, it seemed that this was really the case.He couldn't help turning his eyes to his nephew, only to find that he was even more surprised than himself.Harry Potter had no idea that his godfather would turn into an agent of the Metropolitan Police, and he didn't even understand how it all happened.He originally wanted to apply for a job at the Ministry of Magic after graduating from Hogwarts and become an honorable Auror, but he didn't expect that before he became an Auror, his godfather had already become a Muggle the police.It seems that I have to 
   inherit my father's business
   .Sirius himself was aware of the recent changes, but he didn't take them seriously at first.It wasn't until Lockhart threw him the police detective ID that still smelled of ink that he realized that things were not so simple.
   What's this thing?
    He asked puzzledly, pointing at the certificate.Lockhart answered him quickly:    Proof of your legal status in the Muggle world.Sirius threw the ID back:    Don't give it to me, it's useless if I want it, and I don't plan to live long on the Muggle side.
   But Lockhart threw it back again:    Whether it is useful or not is not up to you, this is a good thing. 
   Hearing that Lockhart said it was a good thing, Sirius took it lazily and looked at it.In addition to the police badge, barcode and an agent number, this certificate also has the name and photo of Sirius, and the words MI5 are marked on the top of the certificate.
   Good stuff? So, what is this 'MI5' again?
    
   he asks.If this question were answered by any other wizard, Black would not get such a detailed answer.
   MI1992, since [-], the command of the Irish Republican Army has been transferred from Scotland Yard to MI[-]. You have made great achievements in arresting the IRA prison breakers. Now I inform you that you are honored to be MI[-] A special agent in the office,
    said Lockhart.Black snorted twice, then stuffed it into his clothes casually, obviously not taking it seriously.He is now fully focused on his godson, and is counting the days every day, looking forward to the early passing of July, so that he can take Harry to Italy to play.As for the fact that he had an extra identity for no reason, Sirius didn't take it to heart at all.In the Quidditch World Cup final, Ireland's opponent is finally out, and it is a narrow victory.Bulgaria's opponent in the final.The overall strength of the Irish team against Bulgaria, which has a talented Seeker Krum, can be said to be a very interesting match.After learning that Ireland's opponent was Bulgaria, the Ministry of Magic was extremely excited.Because Bulgaria's mascot is a very popular humanoid creature - Veela, there have always been many 
   ball
    fans who like Bulgaria. Bulgaria's entry into the final means that tickets can be sold much more than expected.According to the agreement reached between the British Ministry of Magic and the International Quidditch Association, the extra part belongs to the British themselves.Without further ado, Fudge ordered the newly-appointed Acting Director of Sports, Hessia Jones, to raise the price of tickets, which caused a lot of complaints from the wizards.Although Hessica Jones and her cousin were popular Quidditch stars back then, wizards could not prevent them from shooting at them.However, British fans have always been the most loyal. No matter how much they complain, they will still pay for it in the end.If it weren't for this, Fudge would not have been able to fight for the right to host the finals.Although the tickets have become more expensive, but no matter how expensive it is, it can't be difficult for a person of Sirius' level, and he has always been unambiguous when it comes to things that require money.As the heir of the Black family, he booked three tickets for the VIP box early on, planning to take Harry to watch the football game in the best seat.The other ticket was for Remus Lupine, because he knew that Lupine would never want to spend money on such a good position.Although Harry accepted Sirius' kindness, he felt a little guilty towards his friends.Because he judged with his own common sense, the Weasleys probably couldn't afford such a good seat, and Hermione was 
   not qualified enough
   , so he probably didn't have the qualifications to enter the top box.But Ron's letter reassured him, telling Harry that Mr. Weasley had also bought tickets to the VIP box, and that they would take Hermione in with them.It seems that the Weasley family has been a lot richer lately, Harry guessed optimistically.In any case, as long as he persisted for half a month, he would be able to watch the game. This undoubtedly made Harry happy, so much so that even if he had a cold war with Uncle Vernon.But he is not afraid now, because since he has the support of his godfather, he has no financial ties with his uncle's family.When Sirius saw that his godson had to wear old Muggle clothes, one can imagine how upset he was, so he took him to Harrods in London on the first day he came to Surrey, and bought a complete set Only sent back after new clothes.That's not to mention, in order to monitor (threat) the Dursleys nearby, he also rented a house nearby by the way. Apart from visiting his godson, he took him out to eat every day, which made Dudley very envious.Sirius didn't care what the Dursleys thought of him. To be honest, after his arrest warrant on the Muggles side was cancelled, Sirius felt a little regretful for a while, because he lost another one that could make Muggles fear him. reason.He had no idea what that certificate could bring him.Chapter 240 The Opening of HogsmeadeAfter finishing all the matters with the Muggle Prime Minister, Lockhart returned to Hogsmeade and began to prepare for his main event.For Lockhart, whether he is qualified for this year's work depends on the 
   big test
    at the end of July. He regards the start of the resort project even more than the five-wild competition.After all, the latter is a public matter, while the former is his private matter.He inspected Hogsmeade again with Gemma Farley, and he didn't feel relieved until he confirmed that there were no omissions.Seeing his nervous appearance, Gemma couldn't help persuading him, saying that he didn't need to worry.
   If something does go wrong, just use the Oblivion Charm to erase the memories of those Muggles,
    she said nonchalantly.
   If that's the case, it will be difficult for me to carry out my follow-up plan.
    Lockhart disagreed with her statement, 
   I spent a lot of money to invite these Muggles, and when this channel is built , in the next few decades, we can continuously transfer gold Galleons from this channel to the wizarding world.
   Gemma wanted to persuade him a few more words, but then thought of something, so she didn't try to persuade him any more.
   Even if there is no Jin Gallon, they can't control my affairs.
    She said in a low voice.
   what?
   Familiar with the basics of tailoring! ?/p>At the end of July, the Hogwarts Express, which had been idle for a long time, suddenly departed from Hogsmeade again.Departed from the station and headed for London.And when it returned to Hogsmeade station, there was a more special guest in the carriage hanging behind it.Among these guests were men and women, old and young, some with a big belly, some with a shrewd appearance, some with a bad mood, some with high spirits, and so on.The only thing these people have in common is that they are all well-dressed, and most of them are well-bred.These people are the guests invited by Lockhart and William, and they are the bigwigs in the oil, financial and investment circles in the Muggle society.Because of the lack of sunshine in the country, the British are used to going to places with plenty of sunshine every summer for vacation.And July is the most suitable time of the year for Scotland to go on vacation. Scotland, known as the 
   Hometown of Golf
   , is also a favorite summer resort for many business people.So when William invited these people to come to Hogsmeade, and attached the bus tickets and hotel room cards, these people happily agreed.After all, everyone likes free things, and the people who come on vacation are all people in the circle. During the vacation, everyone can also make contact with each other and strengthen their connections.According to William, they will enjoy the beautiful scenery of the lake and mountains in this resort, and they can play golf or cycle around the lake at any time. The air full of negative ions in the mountains is also very helpful to their health.The only thing that made them hesitate was that the resort was not powered on, and there were no telephones or telegrams. If something urgent happened, it would be difficult for them to communicate with the outside world.But this was still 1994, mobile phones were still high-end products, and not everyone had the habit of carrying a Motorola 
   big phone
    with them, so although there were some inconveniences, it was not unbearable.
   In order to let everyone experience the medieval style, the lighting at night isCandles, gold coins, silver bars and copper plates are usually used to purchase goods and services in the resort. 
   This is the exact words of William.Everyone thinks about it, it's a vacation anyway!In order to show respect for these people, Sniff Drilling Company specially sent a special car to take them from their homes to the train station, and got on this retro steam locomotive.Everyone is a well-informed person, so they didn't make a fuss about this steam locomotive, just regarded it as an ordinary tourist train.Immediately after the passengers got off the train, they began to look around curiously, and then they were attracted by the red carpet laid on the station platform.A podium was set up on the carpet, and behind the podium were a few rows of chairs. Lockhart brought all the prominent people in Hogsmeade village there.Seeing the passengers get off the bus, Lockhart immediately went up to greet them, and held a small welcome party for these new guests in his capacity as 
   Head of Hogsmeade Resort
   .These guests are obviously a little flattered by their high-level reception. Although they usually call themselves 
   social elites
    or 
   decent people
   , they have never experienced such a reception like a big man.
   ...I think William should have told you that in this Scottish medieval style art resort, we use metal tokens for daily transactions.
   While talking, Lockhart took out his money bag from his pocket and poured out a few Galleons, Sickles and Nats.Pointing to the coins, he explained.
   This gold coin is called Galleon here; and this silver bar is called 
   Sikel
    here, and the copper plate is 
   Nat
   . , and 17 pounds can be exchanged for 1 galleon at the hotel... that's about it, I think this bit of fun shouldn't bother youdisturb. 
   Everyone was very curious:    Why 17 and 29?
   
   Because 17 and 29 are both prime numbers within the appropriate value conversion ratio, they can confuse outsiders to the greatest extent possible,
    Lockhart explained.
   Hahaha ooo
    The guests were all amused by his words.
   I am the overall person in charge of this resort, and this Ms. Farley is responsible for the arrangement of the play items, and Mr. Horace and the lady saleswoman on the train are responsible for the room service together. If you have any questions about the facilities, you can consult Ms. Rosmerta at the Three Broomsticks.Finally, I hope you all have a good time in the seven days here!I guarantee you will return to London Io with an unforgettable experience and a lot of energy
   After this brief welcome, Lockhart returned to his screaming shack, ready to observe his own social experiment.During the summer vacation, most of the shops in Hogsmeade had no business. For these operators whose main customers were Hogwarts students, these two months were almost equal to a net loss.So when Lockhart asked them to exchange for a batch of new customers at the price of 
   banning the use of magic in front of Muggles for a week
   , they chose to agree without hesitation.If Lockhart is not wrong in his judgment, even with this agreement, the Muggles will still notice something strange about this village during this week.And what Lockhart wants to know most is whether this 
   weird
    level can penetrate the bottom line of traditional Muggle cognition, and this also determines his fundamental strategy in the future against Muggles.Chapter 250 Authentic Medieval VillageLockhart didn't have to wait too long for the first 
   sanity check point
    that Lockhart expected, and it arrived amidst the stunned visitors.——The 8-story 
   Jack Pea
   
   
   
Chapter 118   
   
   Although a building of more than 30 meters is nothing to Muggles nowadays, it was the first time they had seen a hotel with such a unique shape.Thick and long pea vines spiral around Yuzhanshangtian, forming a dark green 
   trunk
   , and the pea pods hanging from the tower to the trunk are also half-opened, revealing the air bubbles in the middle. Room.If they hadn't seen it with their own eyes, these people would never believe that there are houses with this shape in the world.- After seeing this, William, who was accompanying him, hurriedly unified the caliber beforehand, and explained to these social elites:   As you can see, Hogsmeade is an art village. The buildings in the village are designed by artists and realized by skilled construction engineers, so you will see many strange buildings here these days. , such as this 'Jack the Pea', was made by the famous artist Ms. Sprout...
   
   Pfft-
   — Horace, who was listening to William's introduction of the hotel with great interest, couldn't help laughing when he heard it.Horace is an ordinary villager in Hogsmeade. Apart from growing some vegetables and flowers, and reselling some contraband, his only job is to stare at the snow-capped mountains and make accidents for students or strange Muggle climbers. .As for his wife, she is a salesperson on the Hogwarts train and only works two days a year.Such people are actually very common in rural areas during the feudal period, because life is not worrying,With no worries about food and clothing and nothing to do, some of them only work as short-term labor for the landlord or manor owner during the busy farming season, some help carpenters and blacksmiths with some chores, and some become buskers. Well, they can't even find a jobThese people are often a problem for law and order, because as long as they are not managed well, these people will start gambling, take narcotics and even do some dirty work of robbing outsiders.These people are usually referred to by the rural people as 
   dirty people
   , a special product of the old era, and the reason is nothing more than that the countryside in a low-productivity environment cannot arrange jobs for the redundant population.Although the wizarding world is already in modern times, in the wizarding settlements, the life of these wizards is no different from that of the rural areas in the old days, and the only relatively modern London can't arrange work for so many wizards. Mungo's Hospital and businesses in Diagon Alley absorbed almost all the wizarding jobs in big cities.Because the Horaces were so idle, Lockhart hired them in the name of the Ministry of Magic to take care of the hotel and the mountains. log cabin.It was also because he was a wizard through and through that he couldn't help laughing when William called Professor Sprout an 
   artist
    seriously.William quickly gave him a warning look, telling him to restrain himself.Although he himself doesn't know whether his 
   artist
    rhetoric can hide these 
   Muggles
   , but judging from the expressions of these social elites, they seem to have no objection.——That's right, if I hadn't come into contact with wizard civilization in advance, I'm afraid I would be deceived too.William said heartily.People have a tendency to use known things to explain unknown and new things, so as long as you give them an excuse, they will choose to believe
   But why does the sniffing company subsidize artists to build such houses?
   Someone asked curiously.This kind of thing has always been a lot of words and mistakes, so as an accompanying person, William answered his question in one sentence:   Because the directors of the company like it, half of Hogsmeade's real estate and real estate are in the hands of the directors of the company,
    he said.Judging from the expressions of these visitors, William knew that his words had successfully established the impression of 
   company directors
    in the minds of these people.--Wealthy, rich and self-willed.According to the 
   company background
    compiled by Lockhart, the composition of the board of directors of the Sniff Drilling Company is mainly descendants of those land nobles. These descendants do not want to rely on their family's old land, so they jointly established a company.So although the visitors were a little surprised, this set of rhetoric was very consistent with their inherent impression of those land nobles.Only those families that have been passed down for countless generations will support any art, and only they have the financial resources, and only they have the leisure time.And the next scene deepened their impression:At the reception inside the hotel door, a young man with a long red ponytail and fang earrings exchanged coins for them.   This is an employee of the bank, William Arthur Weasley, who will convert pounds into gold coins for you,
    William explained.And the young man greeted the visitors generously.
   Hi everyone, my name is William Weasley, but everyone calls me Bill, and you can also call me Bill.
    The young man said with a smile.The visitors couldn't help but have a deeper understanding of the phrase 
   Hogsmeade is an art village
    when they saw Bill Wesley's exotic clothes.Bill had long been used to the way outsiders looked at him, and he felt that since his outfit was considered unusual among wizards, it was normal for Muggles not to get used to it.But unexpectedly, these Muggle elites quickly accepted his attire, which also made Bill look at Muggles with admiration.Of course, Bill didn't know how much the society tolerated 
   different
    after the Muggles experienced the hippie culture of the 70s.Bill didn't dwell on this matter for too long, he quickly took out several large leather bags from the safe behind the counter, and dumped all the metal coins inside on the counter.
   I don't know if anyone has introduced it to you before. We only use these three currencies here. The name of this gold coin is Galleon, the silver bar is Sickle, and the copper plate is Nat.
   We all know.
    The Muggles said one after another.
   That's good, then you should know the exchange rate here.
    Bill said with a smile, 
   Considering the price level here, I suggest that you exchange at least 30 Galleons, which is 240 pounds. We'll take care of converting them back into pounds when we're done.
   Because Gringotts are mostly goblins7 and they are not suitable to appear in front of Muggles: so the people who are responsible for exchanging money for Muggles can only be human employees in Gringotts, and because there is no prejudice against Muggles in wizarding families There were too few people, so the goblins finally had to choose Bill, the boss of the Weasley family, to exchange money for them.After hearing Bill's words, these social elites smiled knowingly and became playful.As the saying goes, you have to do a full set of plays. Since everyone comes to this    Medieval Style Art Village
    for vacation, the coins used should of course be ancient gold and silver coins. The service of this resort can be described as very considerate.
   You're doing it as if it's real!
    they commented.Bill grinned noncommittally.As social elites, although these Muggles believed that the people from the Sniffing Drilling Company would not cheat them, they still stared at the coins carefully for a while.
   Excuse me, what is the gold content of this 
   Galleon
    gold coin? asked one of the financial practitioners named Gunn.Bill had already prepared:    Like the early gold coins of the Roman Empire, 95% to 96%Mr. Gann weighed the gold coin in his hand, felt its weight, and at the same time his thoughts were anxious:    Then how much Galleon is allowed to be exchanged for one person?
   
   An invitation can be exchanged for 100 galleons. After all, you only need to stay here for seven days, so it shouldn't take much,
    Bill replied.
   If it's not used up, are we allowed to take it away?
    Gann asked again.Bill looked at him, looking a little confused:    You can take it away...but you should not be allowed to use these gold coins, so we provide the service of exchanging them.
   Mr. Gann didn't say much after listening, but simply took out his wallet:    Can you use credit cards here?
   
   What is a 'credit card'? Bill was even more confused, 
   Subtitles... cards)?
   Can you buy things with paper? 
   Mr. Gunn was amused by Bill—the actors in this resort were so dedicated that he found it funny and absurd.Gann was also happy to play with them:    That is to say, you can only use banknotes issued by Her Majesty the Queen.
   
   Dollars, francs, marks, and doubloons are accepted.
   
   Okay...then pay in cash, 800 pounds, and I'll exchange it for 100 Galleons.
    Gann took out 8 Scottish hundred pound notes.While the maximum denomination of banknotes in circulation in England is only 50, there is one in Scotland.There were extra £100 notes, so after hearing he was holidaying in the Scottish Highlands, Mr Gunn pulled some out.Bill didn't think too much, and he quickly exchanged 100 Galleons for Mr. Gann according to Gringotts' latest exchange rate.In fact, he had a slight complaint against the goblins at Gringotts—originally, the exchange rate between galleons and British pounds was 1:7, but the goblins changed it to 18 on the spur of the moment, which is really ugly.But these Muggles didn't seem to care about this. Except for Mr. Gann, the rest of the guests also followed Mr. Gann and chose the upper limit of 100 Galleons for exchange.Muggles are a weird bunch, happy to be blackmailed, Bill thought.Chapter 250 Run-in ContactWhile Bill felt that Gringotts was blackmailing, the VC elite who had come to Hogsmeade thought otherwise.9成半的含金量，约1/8盎司重的金币，而1994年时黄金的价格大约是380美元1盎司，也就是说，100加隆在麻瓜那边的价值相当于3000镑。Exchange 800 pounds for 3000 pounds-it must be a fool who doesn't change the full amount.It can be said that all Muggles think that this is the    tacted benefit
    that the Sniff Drilling Company is giving them. After all, it would be too ugly to directly collect money, and it does not conform to the 
   noble style
    of these land aristocrats.And their reactions were all within Lockhart's expectations.Because the amount of gold in the wizarding world is abundant, but the economic aggregate is not large, the purchasing power of gold is far lower than that of Muggles, and this gap can only be balanced through trade. get the most benefitJust like the age of great voyages, Western Europeans only needed to use gold to buy oriental spices, silk and tea, and then transport them back to Europe to get 40 times the profit. It can be popular, as long as it is fast, even if 1/3 of the ships sink on the road, they can still make a lot of money.A closer look at the reason is that after the gold mines in South America and the silver mines in Central Europe and Spain were discovered, there was a huge gap in the purchasing power of gold and silver between the East and the West.If this gap can be used well, then the wizarding world can become the next sea coachman, the empire on which the sun never sets, and if it is not used well, it can only be reduced to Spain.The Muggle guests who were invited didn't know what Lockhart was planning. They were immersed in the shock of 
   Jack Pea
    and didn't think about it at all.surplus.Because it was already night when the Hogwarts Express arrived, most of the passengers chose to go to the hotel to rest and prepare to visit the village the next day.They took the 
   bean pod sightseeing elevator
    in fear and came to the room where the bean vines grew.Although there are no electric lights, they all have a glass bottle floating on their roofs with blue magic fire burning inside.According to Horace, the hotel waiter, they can all be voice-activated, and these 
   lights
    will automatically light up or go out just by shouting from the guests.In addition, the hot water in the hotel is sprayed from the top of the bean vines hanging in the room, and the shower curtain is the waterproof paper inner skin in the pods, so tourists can take a shower in it generously.Probably because they have seen too many shocking things, so in order to avoid embarrassment, these Muggle tourists pretended to be well-informed, just thinking that these are some high-tech regardless of cost
   It's really strange, why have we never heard of such an interesting hotel before?
    Mrs. Gunn asked curiously.Horace immediately answered her:    Because this hotel was only built this year, and it is going to be used to accommodate the participating team members.
   
   Competition? What competition?
   Horace hesitated for a while, but still didn't tell them the whole truth:    Several students from foreign schools are coming to compete with us... If the weather is fine tomorrow, you can see our school's castle from here.
   
   Your school? Castle?
    Mrs. Gunn was dumbfounded.
   Yes, but only a very small number of people can go to our school, and most people have never even heard of it. Although it is summer vacation, please don't approach it when you are walking, there are security guards there.
    Huo Russ decided to put the ugly words onfront.Gunn and his wife sighed again and again, looking very disappointed.Although they didn’t ask, they felt that they could guess what kind of place it would be—if it weren’t for the private schools that provide specialized education for the children of nobles and rich people, how many schools would have their own “castle”? ?Ordinary people have never even heard of such an aristocratic school.As the 
   elite class
    of the middle class, Gann can be said to be the most anxious group of people in the entire society.Because they can vaguely see the so-called 
   threshold of high society
   , but they still can't pass it, and if they relax, they may even be in danger of slipping, so they have to do their best to maintain their current status.This kind of talent is the class that respects 996 the most. They regard 
   work endlessly and struggle endlessly
    as their life creed, in order to wait for an opportunity and luck so that they can continue to climb up.Therefore, for the 
   directors of the Sniff Drilling Company
    behind Lockhart, Gann and the others looked at this group with envy and longing, and were very eager to join them.If he can do things for these nobles, maybe he can join in at some point.Could this be the opportunity I've been waiting for?Gann thought.Lockhart's original intention of inviting these people to Hogsmeade was not the same. What he wanted was to explore the possibility of trade between the Muggle world and the wizarding world, and at the same time create a wider network of relationships for his brother-in-law.But after he showed the company's 
   strength
    to these Muggles, what kind of thoughts these Muggles would have was out of his control.After a night of rest, the Muggle tourists woke up one after another, and did notThey looked out of the window at the same time.Sure enough, when the morning fog on the highland cleared, Hogwarts Castle appeared far away in everyone's field of vision.Fortunately, it was the summer vacation, and there were no people there, and there were no flying students on the Quidditch pitch, so there was no need for the Hogwarts professors to cast the invisibility spell.These elites in the financial world were amazed at the grandeur of Hogwarts, but at the same time they couldn't help but feel a little sorry—it seems that there is still a gap between them and the upper class, otherwise they would never have even heard of this school before. .But when they finished washing, took the 
   elevator
    to the ground, and went down to the three broomsticks for breakfast under the guidance of the waiter, they discovered an unpleasant thing.Because the guests in the Three Broomsticks are all looking at them curiously, as if they are some exotic animals.The financial elites are naturally very unhappy. Although they can tell that those who are watching them are not malicious, it is this attitude of looking at them that hurts them even more.We are not monkeys!Gunn thought angrily.Even a delicious breakfast of tea, toast, fried eggs and bacon became a bit unpalatable because of the discomfort.—William, who was accompanying him, saw that the situation was wrong, and quickly explained for the villagers.
   Hogsmeade is a small village. Outsiders rarely came here before. They were just curious and had no other intentions,
    he said.Horace also hurried over, and then winked at the villagers, telling them to restrain themselves.The task Lockhart entrusted to him was not to offend the guests. If he couldn't even do this little thing well, the Flint family would probably fire him.
   Morning, gentlemen! Did you rest well last night? Is there anything we can do to improve the service?
    He tried to change the subject.In normal times, such hospitality would have been enough to shut up these financial elites, but after enjoying the onlooker treatment just now, they deliberately wanted to make things difficult for the waiters.
   
   
Chapter 119   
   
   
   Well, I'm really a little puzzled...
    He held up a knife and fork, and said to Horace slowly.
   Say it, please.
    Horace was about to write it down.
   It's the open space between our hotel and the lake—
    Gann deliberately found fault. 
   It really seems too open, why can't we plant a flower field?
   
   Flower field?
   
   Yes, Hanada. Without it, I always feel empty when I look out of the window, as if something is missing... I thought your artists would notice this.
   Gunn finished his opinion triumphantly, then waited to see the uncomfortable look on Horace's face.Although he is in awe of those 
   company directors
    who have never met before, he is not afraid of the waiter in front of him, and a little bit of trouble can make him feel more psychologically balanced.But Horace just frowned, and then nodded.
   Flower field...is really a good suggestion,
    he said, 
   and it doesn't cost much.
   With this proposal, he can go on a job.Chapter 250 Second Little TroubleAlthough Lockhart believed that he had already expected the degree of trouble, the wizarding world still gave him a lot of surprises.In his vision, Hogsmeade's shop cluster was the easiest place for trouble.So under his strong suggestion, the stores temporarily put away those things that are obviously wrong at first glance, such as Honeydukes ice cream balls that can make people fly and pepper candies that can make people breathe fire, and Zoko’s joke shop Various trick products inside and so onBut Hogsmeade's storefronts, such as the Literary House stationery store, can still make visiting Muggles scream.Quill pens and parchment have basically faded out of people's daily life on the Muggle side since the 19th century. Even churches rarely use them to copy the Bible, but they are now sold in stores. It is impossible not to surprise those who have been dealing with documents all year round and often need to sign.In the 90s, computers and mobile phones were not as popular as they would be in the future, and the quality of ballpoint pens and fountain pens was not so good that they lost their sense of cheapness, so fountain pens are still very common writing supplies.” Even if the fountain pen industry has already seen its first signs of being a sunset industry.However, even if the pen, like the mechanical watch, is almost reduced to a pure gift, it can still exist as a high value-added product, and what it sells is the brand value, just like diamonds.The quill just meets the needs of users, and even has an additional attribute of 
   handicraft
   , so the Muggle elites naturally flock to it.In addition, the price of quill pens that have not been enchanted by the literati generally does not exceed 1 Galleon, and the most luxurious ones are only 3 Galleons. Compared with the price of the Parker gold pen on the Muggle side, it is really not expensive.So as far as Lockhart knew, most of the people who visited at the end bought several quill pens and a dozen pieces of parchment, probably to take them back to show off.In addition, the Fengya brand wizard store also has some income. Even though many wizard robes and dresses are considered exotic clothes by Muggles, because the price is so cheap, these rich ladies can't help but buy a lot.Although the operation of these shops was smooth, Lockhart did not appear to be very happy./Because whether it is a quill or a special style of wizard robes, they cannot be used as the core export industry of wizards, they can only be used as handicrafts or hand-made tailor-made products.Although the profit is not small, the scale cannot increase, and it can only be reduced to a luxury item, or a temporary existence for Muggle pictures.Those that can be exported on a large scale are either daily consumer goods or industrial products needed for production, and Lockhart has not yet paid attention to these gadgets.What he really aimed at was the potion industry, and the industrial intermediate industry that he tried to promote to the pure-blood families.But even these things that Lockhart didn't appreciate had satisfied the residents of Hogsmeade.Although Hogwarts students consume a lot, they are still just students: the consumption per person is not large, and they often focus on snacks, stationery and toys.But the consumption structure of tourists is completely different. They are more concerned about whether they can buy some novel experiences or commemorative things.Therefore, whether it is a clothing store, a stationery store, a candy store, or a tavern, Muggles choose to buy the signature goods that are usually only used for display in those stores. Not only are the unit prices    expensive
   , but as long as they provide good service Muggles will also happily tip them.Especially the Fengya wizard clothing store, little wizards actually rarely come here to buy clothesclothes, but these Muggle women bought seven or eight or a dozen pieces at a time, which undoubtedly made them feel overjoyed.The Muggles only came to more than 20 people in total, but the profits they generated were hard to bring even a hundred little wizards. This made the residents of Hogsmeade have a new understanding of the financial power of Muggles.Because Lockhart continued to show Muggle movies in the village, the residents of Hogsmeade did not have a bad impression of Muggles, but now that these Muggles are giving generously in their stores, they Feeling even better.So at noon, many residents warmly invited these Muggles to their homes for dinner, wanting to have a closer look at these Muggles that they had only seen in movies.And that's where the problem arises—these residents don't have any scruples at home, they can cast magic whenever they want, and the content of the conversation gradually begins to go out of line, and these are things that Lockhart could not have foreseen in advance.After reprimanding a resident who baked a whole plate of sausages with magic again, Lockhart felt physically and mentally exhausted. He couldn't remember how many times he used forgetting at noon today.J~UJ
   I repeat, don't use magic in front of Muggles!
    he exclaimed angrily.As a result, the family looked aggrieved:    I didn't use magic in front of them.
   I 
   ■Lockhart laughed back angrily:    Yeah, there was no magic in person. So you took a string of dried sausages off the roof in front of him, and after 10 seconds in the back kitchen, you held a plate of ready-made sausages.
    Come out one by one, of course it’s not a face-to-face use, is it?”
   It's really useless in person.
    The villagers tried their best to quibble, 
   and there should be something for quick cooking on the Muggle side, right? I remember that so-called 
   Terminator
    holding a thing that can breathe fire and roast people in the blink of an eye. cooked. 
   Because of time constraints, Lockhart didn't bother to talk to him about it, and just disqualified him from running a homestay.Small troubles like this continued until that night, and Lockhart had to write down all the problems that occurred during the day, so as not to make them happen again in the future.Hogsmeade is really overkill for entertaining a group of Muggle elites. Lockhart has even more ambitious plans for Hogsmeade in the future, but if he can't even overcome this small problem, then he can just You can choose to put the plan aside for now.This is where he played Muggle movies for more than half a year. If it was another wizarding settlement, there would probably be more problems.Tsk, miscalculation—should start with some semi-wizard settlements, so at least those wizards know how to hide themselves.After finishing the first day of sewing and mending, Lockhart thought that everyone would be better the next day, but in the early morning, Horace, who he had always been relieved of, created new troubles for him——Looking at the large sea of ​​purple lavender flowers outside Jack's Pea Hotel, Lockhart was speechless for a while, and didn't even know what to say about Horace.But Horace didn't realize it, and even took credit for it from Lockhart.
   The Muggles told me yesterday that the outside of our hotel was too empty and lacked a flower field, so I went to Professor Sprout to get some quick-growing potions, and I made these overnight... How about it? It's spectacular, right?
   Lockhart covered his face and put on a pain mask:    Yeah, it's really spectacularP.So it took a while to go back to WuhanChapter 250 New Business Opportunities Brought by MugglesBecause the sudden appearance of the flower field is too eye-catching, and there are too many places to be modified if the Oblivion Charm is used, so after thinking twice, Lockhart decided to give up exerting influence on the memory of Muggles.
   For your experience, we bought the turf of these flowers and plants from the nearby flower market overnight... I wish you a happy mood!
   Lockhart didn't know if this set of rhetoric could fool those Muggles, anyway, he said it with a face of sincerity, as if he believed it himself.Then he could see from the dull eyes of those people that their brains were so numb that they stopped working, and they no longer knew how to react.Among these people, Gann was the first to react:    You are really willing to spend money.
   When this happened, Lockhart had no choice but to slap his face swollen and put the blame on the legendary 
   company board of directors
   
   This is a reasonable request. The board of directors will never get too entangled in such small money,
    he said with a smile on his face.The facts are in front of them, and these tourists have to believe it or not.Unless they believed there was magic in this world, they could only admit to the deep pockets of the Niffler Drilling Company.
   Thanks for the hospitality, I can't thank you enough,
    was all they could say.In the next few days, these Muggles were eye-opening.In addition to the advertised golf courses and alpine skiing projects, boat rides on the lake and various small shops full of 
   medieval style
    also made their trip worthwhile.Especially when they found out that there is actually a cinema dedicated to playing old movies, they were even more pleasantly surprised.Of course, these rides did not cost the Muggle elites any money, they were all 
   gifted
    to them by Lockhart's initiative, and while bribing, it was equivalent to spending money on quality inspections.Although there were a lot of small incidents, such as being seen by a Muggle tourist and seeing creatures in the Forbidden Forest, Lockhart finally managed to deal with them.When the seven days were over, the Muggles took their souvenirs contentedly, and bid farewell to Hogsmeade, a hospitable town, with a relaxed and radiant face.After sending these people on the train, Lockhart called Horace and counted the consumption of Muggles in these days.That was all he really cared about - what the Muggles were buying in Hogsmeade.Some people bought a bunch of handicrafts that people like to look at, some bought a 17th-century Baroque costume, and some people bought a bunch of special candies, which seemed to be going back to give away.Based on the combination of more than 20 invitations, each family spent an average of about 45 Galleons, which was better than what Lockhart had expected.As for the potions that Lockhart had placed high hopes on, they were not as popular as expected. Although some were sold, the potions sold were diluted hair growth elixir and beauty potions that had immediate results. And it's really easy to use after the customer has tested it.Among them, the hot sales of the hair tonic was not expected by Lockhart in advance. He doubted that the reason why the hair tonic sold so well was all due to the very common baldness of British men.As for the potions that Lockhart thinks can be used, such as euphoria, palliative, dreamless sleep, brain refresher, and intelligence enhancer: these social elites are skeptical of them, and no one dares to buy them.After all, they have never heard of the    Extraordinary Pharmacists Association
   , andNone of these unbranded prescription products have any certification from the Yangguo Pharmaceutical and Health Care Supervision Administration on their labels. It is normal for them not to dare to use them.And according to the clerk who sold potions, these Muggles even suspected that their euphoria potions were mixed with illegal narcotics.Lockhart considered the needs of Muggles, but he didn't consider the issue of their knowledge, so he stumbled a little.This was entirely due to an accident, and it was an inevitable phenomenon caused by insufficient brand promotion. However, Lockhart believed that as long as his 
   upper plan
    could go through, these medicines would be sold sooner or later.It's just that the person who implements this upper-level plan must be a suitable person. Not only must he be able to be recognized in the British high society, but he must also like to do this kind of thing himself.Fortunately, there was such a person in the wizarding world, and after Lockhart proposed that plan, Dumbledore might have allowed it.It's just that the Quidditch World Cup is imminent, and if Lockhart wants to start that plan, he can only wait for Hogwarts to start school.Just when Lockhart, with all kinds of thoughts, asked Gemma to go to the Three Broomsticks to prepare a meal, but he was suddenly notified that starting tomorrow, the price of wine and food would increase.
   Because everyone has more money in their pockets, there is not enough food and wine, so I can only increase the price.
    Rosmerta said with a shrug.Lockhart sighed - sure enough it happened.Because many large companies sponsored the construction of Hogsmeade, and Muggle tourists generously donated money in Hogsmeade, the small town poured in hot money close to tens of thousands of Galleons in a short period of time.If this money is handed over to the Ministry of Magic or the big family, maybe they can spend time slowly digesting its impact, but these circulating funds are too much for a small village like Hogsmeade. up.This is equivalent to equalBoth received a few hundred Galleons, and it is normal for prices to fluctuate.Although Lockhart had thought about inflation, he hadn't thought that it would come so quickly.If trade with Muggles in the future, pounds and gold will definitely flood into the wizarding world, even if the purchasing power of gold in the wizarding world will gradually return to the same level as that of Muggles, and the inevitable inflation will quickly eliminate it. price difference.If inflation really happened, then most of the middle and lower class wizards would be negatively affected, while upstarts and pure-blood wizard families who had mastered the trade would take the opportunity to inflate their assets.At that time, it is very likely that the Lions will change their pro-Muggle stance, and turn to oppose trade and communication with Muggles, and demand the strengthening of the 
   Secrecy Act
   ; while the Snakes will support trade with Muggles, and denounce the Lions The 
   narrowness
    and 
   racism
    of peopleWhile that's fun, it also defeats Lockhart's original purpose.It seems that we have to think of another way.Lockhart thought.Because he was immersed in thinking all the time, Lockhart didn't even notice that the dishes on his plate were cold until he was awakened by Gemma's voice calling the waiter to reheat the dishes.
   Sorry, I was distracted.
    Lockhart quickly apologized to Gemma.
   It's okay, I like the way you think.
    Gemma said that she didn't care. 
   There are many people who are good at telling wisecracks, but very few people with brains. I like the latter, but...
   
   Just what?
   
   It's just that if you're willing to tell me what's in your head, that would be even better, Gildero.
    Gemma raised the glass in her hand, 
   Would you like a sip?
   Lockhart also squeezed the wine glass beside him:    Trust me, you will know soonYes, even if you don't want to know at the time, I will desperately want to tell you.When he found a business opportunity, he had to take action immediately. After sending the Muggles away, Lockhart went to Mr. Granger of the Extraordinary Pharmacist Association and asked him whether the hair growth potion could be mass-produced.The effect of Io doesn't have to be very good. It's best to let the Muggles cure their baldness within a week. If it's too fast, the Muggles will be suspicious. said Lockhart to Granger.Granger had never heard of such a strange request. People's hair tonic potions were required to take effect on the spot, but Lockhart asked him to reduce the potion's effect to the point where it would take a week to see the obvious effect.This kind of reversing not only seems unnecessary, but even because of the need to add some additional medicine, it seems a bit redundantBut after hearing Lockhart say that it was going to be sold to Muggles on a large scale, Granger expressed his understanding. After all, no one wanted to miss out on a big sale.
   We can dilute a bottle of hair tonic to 15/[-] of its original volume, and then add a little slow-release agent, so we should be able to achieve the effect you mentioned.
    Granger said after thinking for a while.
   Can it be mass-produced?
    Lockhart asked tentatively.
   What scale do you mean?
    Granger looked confident, 
   The formula of Hair Tonic is very simple, and the scrap rate is extremely low, and unlike Felicia Elixir, it can boil a large pot at a time instead of a small pot. It is made in a small pot, so 30 bottles can be brewed at one time, and if it is diluted, it will be 450 bottles...
   
   Is 10 vials of diluted… a week possible?
    Lockhart asked.
   How much?
    Granger thought he had heard wrong.
   I said, 10 bottles per week, and I'll give you the price of 8 silver Sickles per bottle.
    Lockhart repeated.Granger's confident expression slowly diluted from his face, and finally turned intodignified.
   Are you kidding me?
    he asked.He has no objection to the price that Lockhart asked, because a bottle of undiluted hair tonic is about the same price, and they can make a lot of profit from itBut what surprised him was the sheer volume of what Lockhart was asking for.The Extraordinary Pharmacists Association says it is an 
   association
   , but in fact there are only a dozen core members and dozens of official members. The manpower that can be organized is actually very limited.If they work five days a week, they have to produce 2 bottles a day, and if one person cooks a pot a day, they have to draw 45 people.
   
   
Chapter 120   
   
   It sounds easy to do, but potions require the presence of a wizard, and stirring is used to increase the magic power in the potion, so making a big pot at a time is already the limit.It is too wasteful for 45 people who can be called potion masters to spend two or three hours a day to make a pot of potion, or a low-level potion like hair growth spirit.
   No.
    Granger said honestly, 
   No one would be willing to do something that a first-year Hogwarts can do for decades.
   He had expected Lockhart to be disappointed, but Lockhart was overjoyed.
   It sounds like you're saying that potion supply isn't an issue?
    he asked.Granger didn't expect that Lockhart was only concerned about this:    Ah...the material is really not a problem, the hair tonic is a very common potion, and the cultivation of many medicinal materials is already a mature industry, but the key is people. , none of us.
   
   Didn't you just say that even first-year students at Hogwarts can do it?
    Lockhart asked.Granger hesitated:    ...But the quality of what they make is definitely not very good, and there may be slight hiccups, loss of appetite and other side effects.
   
   Do I need a good quality potion? Oh... don't be afraid of slight side effects. I suspect that if this kind of thing has no side effects at all, Muggles would not dare to buy it. They won't believe that there is such a good thing in the world.
    Luo Hart reassured.
   If that's the case... no, our association must ensure the quality of medicinesGranger thought for a while, and rejected Lockhart's proposal, and turned to other ideas:    However, if a pharmacist hires 5 to 10 potion apprentices, some of them will specialize in handling medicinal materials, and some will specialize It's not impossible if the pharmacist is responsible for watching the fire and stirring at critical moments.
   Are you kidding, pharmacist^], how could you allow so many pharmacists to suddenly appear in the wizarding world to compete with you for jobs, what they eat is to monopolize this business, this is the whole value of the existence of the 
   guild
   .
   Look, isn't this possible?
   Lockhart pretended not to hear the other party's selfish intentions, and looked very happy
   But in that case, we will have to openly recruit people on a large scale.
    Granger muttered to himself.Lockhart was glad he thought of the question right away.Chapter 250 Four Re-employment of Retired EmployeesAfter July ended, Lockhart's series of social experiments and preparations finally came to an end, and he and his colleagues from the Ministry of Magic entered the rhythm of the Quidditch competition.Because of the Wizarding Secrecy Act, the biggest task for the Ministry of Magic is not to prepare venues and equipment, but to coordinate and arrange personnel and transportation.They have to choose a suitable location to put the door key based on the addresses of all wizard families in the register. If it is too far away from the door key, let him find a way to apparate or use a fireplace to teleport to a closer place, and then use the door key.This is undoubtedly a difficult task for wizards who are generally bad at mathematics, not to mention that they also have to arrange foreign audiences and contestants to enter the arena, and maintain the order of the game... If it is not for the previous experience of holding games, The Ministry of Magic couldn't handle that.Because Barty Crouch was no longer in charge, Lockhart was not assigned much work in coordinating transportation, but he needed to shoulder all the tasks of receiving foreign guests.This is a bit of a task for him, because the foreign guests that will come will not only be Bulgarian and Irish teams, but also officials from the Bulgarian Sports Department, and many wizards from the international sports world will also be present to watch the game.Not to mention that because of the Five Powers Tournament, the Ministry of Magic of France, the United States, Uganda and Norway will also send people over.On the one hand, they are watching the game, and on the other hand, they are also examining the preparation level of the British for the game.Fudge was under a lot of pressure, and he issued a death order, requiring all departments of the Ministry of Magic, except the Department of Mysteries and the Department of Law Enforcement, to follow the rules of the Quidditch World Cup Finals.Things are the top priority.He even said publicly that if anyone dares to do something 
   unsuitable for his status
   , then he, who is ashamed in front of international friends, will definitely find a way to make his official career very difficult.In addition, the security work of the guests and the game is also very important.Fudge sent out all the Aurors, and controlled all the known paths of wizards entering and leaving the country, so as to be foolproof.Fudge declared that it was impossible for a wizard to cross the border unnoticed under such security.For what he said, Lockhart felt that it was enough to just listen to it a little bit, and there was no need to take it seriously.If any wizard really wanted to escape, even if Fudge controlled all known channels in the wizarding world, they could find a way to escape from the Muggles, as evidenced by Sirius.Especially after the recent construction of the British-French undersea tunnel, any wizard can go to Europe through it, which is far more convenient than riding a broom or taking a ferry. In the past, it is very likely that the 
   Pttigret
    turned into a mouse and then passed through this tunnel. Ways to travel to Albania.Although Lockhart didn't know where Crouch Jr. had fled to now, he instinctively believed that he should not have escaped from England yet.This is not because he has much confidence in the Ministry of Magic's search and tracking level, but because he doesn't believe that Crouch Jr. will use such aggrieved means to go to the European continent like Pettigrew.In order to confirm his own thoughts, Lockhart asked old Barty Crouch to borrow his son's school diary.Sure enough, in his diary, he believed that Muggles who don't know magic are all weak, belonging to the penultimate layer of the 
   food chain
   , only superior to some humanoidsIt can be seen that although the little Crouch is cunning and shameless, he, like Voldemort, looks down on Muggles from the bottom of his heart, so he should not use Muggle transportation to Albania.Despite speculation about Crouch Jr.'s way of thinking, it's a pity that Roja^^ Temple couldn't go and catch him himself.There are not many people proficient in foreign languages ​​in the Department of International Affairs and Cooperation, there are only two or three people, and Lockhart has only one deputy at his disposal. There may be even less free time.Lockhart knew a little French and some Slavic Bulgarian, but he knew nothing of Norwegian, so he had to ask around if anyone could.As a result, he was told that it doesn’t matter if he doesn’t understand Norwegian. He can use runes, that is, ancient runes, to communicate with Norwegians. Moreover, many Norwegians know English. They will definitely bring their own translators when they come to the UK. Lockhart Only then did I feel relieved.In addition to translation work and reception work, Lockhart also has to bear part of the security work for foreign guests.Lockhart had half-truthfully complained to the Auror office about this, only to be told that the sports directors of the United States, France, and Uganda had all named Lockhart to protect them.Did Du Wei make you an 
   internationally renowned wizard
   ? They probably thought it would be safer if you were in charge of security.
    The Aurors said to Lockhart with gusto.It was only then that Lockhart remembered that his previous books had also been published in the United States, France, and Uganda, and they had heard that he was normal.As for Uganda, it is very likely that Dumbledore said something to them, or their African Wizarding Union wanted to thank themselves for the fact that 20 British MPs condemned the Gambian witch hunt a few days ago.
   Don't think too much, they probably just have something to discuss with me.
    Lockhart and hisWe speak.As for Bulgaria, Lockhart is not in charge, because Fudge, as the head of the Irish side, will personally undertake the work of receiving the Bulgarians, which saves Lockhart a lot of worry.Of course, the Ministry of Magic was not so stupid as to let Lockhart be in charge of the work of foreign guests from the three countries, so in the end, three people were temporarily transferred from the Auror office to him—Williamson, Prout and Dawlish. .Lockhart is not very familiar with the first two people, because several outstanding Aurors he is familiar with, such as Shacklebolt, as well as Scrimgeour and Robards who are in power, were all transferred to his side by Minister Fudge .The level of these three people is hard to describe. In short, Lockhart felt that it was difficult to entrust his back to them, especially when he knew that Dawlish would be knocked down by Mrs. Longbottom who failed the spell.Lockhart very much suspected that Fudge allocated three he didn't really want for the sake of his 
   fighting power
   .Although Lockhart was a little upset, the Ministry of Magic did not object to him hiring outside personnel to be in charge of security when the budget was paid by himself.So Lockhart found someone he could trust, that is, the famous Alastor Moody, the man known as 
   the man who filled half of the cells in Azkaban
   Although this old Auror with outstanding military exploits is a bit older now, considering that young people today have not experienced much war, and their combat strength is not advancing but retreating compared to more than ten years ago, Lockhart feels that Moody Assigning to yourself is probably a good thing.The only thing he is not sure about is whether this Mr. Moody is really vigilant or just a little nervous, but the performance of being imprisoned for a year in the original book undoubtedly aggravated this nervousness, that's for sure.So during the interview, Lockhart deliberately made things difficult for these temporary workers.—He moved the door of his office to another place with the Confusion Charm and Mirror IllusionAs a result, among the four people, only Mad-Eye Moody touched the door of his office with his magic eyes and timely breaking the spell, and he entered his office with a wand in his hand, looking as if he was ready to attack at any time.The other three people searched around the door stupidly, and even went to the office next door to ask the location of Lockhart's office, but they couldn't come in for more than half an hour.When they finally figured out what might be wrong, Lockhart and Moody had been confronting each other in the office for a long time.Obviously, none of the acting directors will cast a spell on the door of his office for no reason, but now that all this has happened, it means that there must be something wrong insideOriginally, because of his many enemies, Moody had been in a state of suspicion and high nervousness after retirement, but now he really found a problem, so he naturally wouldn't let it go.So Moody broke into Lockhart's office without saying a word, and immediately used a binding spell on Lockhart.Lockhart deliberately tried, so he fought back not to be outdone.According to Professor Flitwick's description in the dueling manual, many common spells can actually be broken with the universal cracking spell 
   All Spells End
   . It is impossible to have time to use the breaking spell, because there is a high probability that he will have lost his ability to move by then.Therefore, when the rules allow, it is a good idea to use various means to defend yourself in advance, such as general anti-spell, equipment coated with anti-jinx varnish, or wearing a body that can automatically trigger armor protection Hats, necklaces, etc.Lockhart wanted to be as good as others, but he has always beenHe was very afraid of death, and he belonged to the kind of person who wished to have an MRI examination five times a week, so long before Professor Flitwick's dueling manual came out, he had already changed all his clothes into various anti-jinx equipment.So don't say that Moody's spell didn't hit him at all, even if it did, Lockhart probably wouldn't get in the way.The spells that Lockhart used to fight back against Moody were not very aggressive jinxes, but gadgets such as freezing spells, filling spells, magic missiles, and eye sickness spells—on the one hand, they didn’t want to make things worse, on the other hand On the one hand, he didn't think common jinxes would work for Moody either.Sure enough, when Moody found that the regular spells didn't work, he immediately started using the Transfiguration Charm on the nearby furniture.Seeing him start using Polymorph, Lockhart knew it was time to call it a day.He quickly shouted:    Be careful! Mr. Moody! I don't want to blow up the Thunderbird Feather Bomb, it's very expensive!
   Moody turned a deaf ear to Lockhart's shout:    Say, who the hell are you?
   Seeing Moody's swearing to give up, Lockhart had no choice but to put the wand in his hand on the table in front of him
   I am Gilderoy Lockhart, Acting Director of the Department of International Affairs and Cooperation. I called you here today. I hope you can help maintain the order of the Quidditch World Cup. The one outside is just for me to test the level of Aurors.
    A small test, but before they got through, you came first.
    He explained.Moody relaxed a little, but he still didn't let his guard down:    
   Really? If that's the case, then I'll ask you a few personal questions, many of which were told to me by Dumbledore...
   Lockhart spread his hands:    Ask.
   While Moody was interrogating Lockhart, Dawlish and the other Aurors finally discovered the confusion spell placed on the doormat at the elevator door, and then untied it, embarrassedUnbearably, he found the door of Lockhart's office.When they came in to report to Lockhart, Lockhart and Moody had already asked each other several questions to confirm their identities, and had even begun to discuss security measures during the World Cup and new codes within the ministry.After Dawlish saw this, no matter how slow his brain was, he could react now.He shouted at Lockhart angrily:    You have no right to do this! We are only here to cooperate with your work, and you are not qualified to judge us!
   Lockhart then turned his head and let out a long sigh.
   It seems that I can only count on you, Alastor.
   Execution relationship. 
    Moody said, staring at the magic eye that kept spinning,
   I never expected anyone else.
   Chapter 250 Winning OverAlastor Moody's most important thing to Lockhart's team was actually his previous experience, not his strength.As a contemporary of Voldemort and Hagrid, Moody's performance among the Aurors is not just as simple as 
   outstanding
   .To be recognized by everyone as the 
   best
    Auror in that war-torn era, he not only had to possess sufficient personal strength, but also had to be equally admirable in terms of personal character.Even in his later years, his residual power could affect Voldemort's judgment. Voldemort identified the real Harry as the escort of Moody in 
   The Battle of the Seven Potters
   , which can be seen in Voldemort's mind. Moody is the strongest of all escorts.However, based on Lockhart's observation just now, Moody's body and dueling skills are far from powerful after many years of retirement.The best proof is that his consciousness often reacts, but his body slows down by more than one beat, which is simply fatal in a duel between masters and masters.But there are three catties of nails in a bad boat, and a skinny camel is bigger than a horse. Even though Moody's skills have slowed down a lot, he can still do the most correct thing with his own quality and experience, which is more important than anything else. .In front of the three Aurors transferred to him by the Ministry of Magic, Lockhart officially announced that the security work of the Department of International Affairs and Cooperation will be temporarily 
   rehired
    by White Spoon Alastor Moody, and everyone including Lockhart Including himself, he must obey Moody's arrangement.Originally, Dawlish still looked unconvinced, but when he heard that the person in front of him was actually Old Moody, he forcibly held back his breath.No way, if Dumbledore is a legend in the wizarding world, then Moody isA legend in the Auror world, no matter how powerful he is as a junior, he can't dance in front of Moody.Moody was really unambiguous. After he got the Ministry of Magic's security plan, he just glanced at it and frowned, and after he read it, he said bluntly, 
   They made all the mistakes they could make. up
   
   It's okay if the powers and responsibilities are unclear... It was the same in my time, this is the glorious tradition of the Ministry of Magic, but what the hell has Scrimgeour been doing all these years? Doesn't he know that security first is to establish a command decision Center? What does he mean by having three command units?
   After hearing this, Dawlish couldn't help defending his superior.
   This is not the director's plan, this is the minister's request, and he asked himself to be in charge of the Bulgarians.
   Moody immediately pushed back:    The meaning of your existence is to be a minister with brains.■■■When you are in a mess, you will either follow the law and disobey it, or you will not obey it. Don't tell me that today's law enforcementXingsi is already so cowardly.Dawlish muttered something under his breath, but couldn't get it out in the end.Moody ignored him, but turned to look at Lockhart.
   Lockhart, although Fudge has given you part of the security command in order to engage in his tricks, but I hope that if there are no accidents, please obey the command of the Law Enforcement Department.
   As he spoke, he looked at Lockhart, as if he wanted to weigh whether this guy was 
   a kind of generalist
    as Dumbledore said.For a straight-talker like Moody, Lockhart never took what he did as an offense, especially when the other person was right.
   No problem, it's just that some foreign guests have asked me to provide security work for them,
    Lockhart said.
   
   
Chapter 121   
   
   Moody clicked his lips loudly:    This is completely overqualified, even if it is Wai SongThere is no reason to put the most powerful people next to politicians, soIf you help people die, you will die...
   
   Ahem...
    Lockhart had to interrupt him, 
   Thank you for your compliment, but I think I may not be as strong as you said.
   
   It is enough to have enough vigilance. The younger generation is really getting worse and worse, and there are not many decent magic fighting skills. I heard that even arresting a guy who sold prohibited items a while ago was injured. ...
   While nagging, Moody picked up a pen and made wanton revisions to the security plan, adding one after every sentence he uttered.How can anyone put Auror suits in the auditorium to maintain order? Is this because they are afraid that the attackers will not know their location...The ratio of plain clothes...Which genius came up with the idea of ​​putting the on-the-spot command office in the box?He should be sent to St. Mungo's for a thorough inspection... The security check is useless. After passing the security check, it will be closed in all directions. Don't you understand...Merlin's beard, the games you held in the past did not go wrong. If you are lucky, you should go and burn thirty large candles for Merlin and Maeve, thank you and bless you!Dawlish and the others had been trained a lot, but they knew what Moody said was right, so they didn't dare to lose their temper.More than ten years after Taiping, the Aurors in the wizarding world are indeed inferior to their predecessors in terms of quality. The generation they passed the exam is not so much the 
   policeman
    working on the front line, it is better to say that they are the 
   police
    Bureaucrats in the name of 
   police
   .Seeing that Moody's performance was so professional, Lockhart was also relieved for the most part. It seemed that someone could finally take care of his work.In addition, this Alastor Moody is guaranteed to be genuine, and has not been exchanged with Polyjuice Potion. Lockhart can be sure that he intends to escort the old professor to Hogwarts.Because Moody has been sitting in the office for more than two hours and has notLockhart did not disclose the news that Moody accepted his 
   temporary re-employment
    without drinking anything, and I believe that Barty Crouch Jr. would not know about it.On the last day before the Quidditch World Cup, Lockhart set off from Farley Village and arrived at the competition venue ahead of schedule.During this period, he completed several tasks assigned to him by the Ministry of Magic in an orderly and orderly manner, and made it impossible for Fudge to single out anyone who was wrong.Fudge finally came to his senses after Lockhart had completed several layouts, realized how rash it was to give Lockhart access to the Prime Minister's Office, and had been trying to get it back ever since.But Lockhart has fully demonstrated the quality that a civil servant should have. He has been patiently fighting with Fudge, using all kinds of soft nails to push back Fudge's temptation to reclaim power.Then, at the invitation of Mr. Farley, he came to the village where the Farley family was located as a guest, and there he participated in a salon dance led by the Farley family.Except for the frequent glances from the glamorous 
   Black Widow
    Mrs. Zabini, which made Lockhart feel a little overwhelmed, everything else was fine.This can be regarded as the pure-blood family's recognition of Lockhart's hard work over the past year. At least from now on, when Lockhart wants to attend any of their gatherings, he will no longer be rejected.In this case, Fudge should not shoot himself again in a short time, because the supporters behind him will not allow it for the time being, unless there are good reasons.This year or so is a net investment for the pure-blooded family. Before they see the benefits, they will not think about changing or changing.And with Fudge acting like that, Lockhart probably couldn't think of any good ideas, at most he would just make a fuss about the Secrecy Act.In addition, at the party, Mr. Farley also introduced a person to Lockhart - NuoA distant relative of the Te family.
   Mr. Nott is good at history, especially good at researching blood and family origin.
    Mr. Farley said calmly, 
   I heard that you are also very interested in ancient history. I think if you have time in the future, you can get together more get together.
   Lockhart understood that this was Farley's hint to himself, asking him to find a way to change his bloodline to pure blood.He had no doubt that if Nott wanted to, he could prove to his Muggle father a wizarding family nine generations ago, only temporarily separated because of the Squib.If it was two years ago, maybe Lockhart might have agreed, but since he personally destroyed one of Voldemort's Horcruxes and indirectly destroyed two, he knew that he would definitely not be able to join the Snake faction again. .Lockhart wasn't so open-minded enough to believe that if he didn't join the 
   pure blood
   , the pure blood family would never do anything to him, but at least that would have to wait until they had mastered the channels themselves.But Lockhart believed that was impossible under his watch.Chapter 250 The Beatles.hippies 0
   Hello, Mr. Lockhart... This is the location of the camp you booked, here are the camping tools, and here is the map...
   The warden of the camp saw Lockhart approaching, and while giving him the things he ordered, he quietly looked at the clothes on Lockhart's body.■■■CASLockhart knows, there must be wizards who don't abide by the secrecy law dress code again, bow Icaught the watchman's attention.But he didn't have to worry about this, because he drove here in a rented car, and his clothes were naturally in full accordance with the 
   Muggle dress code
   , which couldn't be more authentic.Lockhart took his camping equipment and paid the price, speaking and behaving normally.It was precisely because of this normality that the camp warden Roberts let go of his vigilance, and then began to complain to Lockhart about the strangeness of the past two days.Why did a large number of people in strange clothes come suddenly, and they couldn't even understand the face value of the banknotes when paying, and the tents they brought were gaudy...
   Isn't this normal? You should know what activities will be held here?
    Lockhart asked pretendingly.
   Yes, the police department said that there is going to be a hippie carnival here...Lockhart froze for a moment: Goshpis.Are you sure 0   Roberts took out a notice from his pocket and handed it to Lockhart:    It seems that you don't know, the police station notified you of this a few days ago, look... If you really don't know, then hurry up let's go!
   Lockhart took a look at the notice from the Muggle side, and found that it really saidwith the words 
   Hippie
   .He suddenly felt as if there was a mouthful of phlegm in his throat, and he couldn't spit it out.If Mei Jie appeared in front of him, he would definitely spit the phlegm on his face, then wipe him clean with the sole of his shoe, and finally cast an oblivion spell to make him think he slipped and fell when he went downstairs .
   Oh... that sounds interesting.
    Lockhart forced himself to laugh twice, then handed over the money.The guard shook his head again and again:    Interesting? I don't think so. Anyway, it's nothing more than drinking, singing, promiscuity, and taking narcotics. A bunch of social dregs. I think their brains are out of order...Listen to me, You look normal, young man, get out of here early.
   Lockhart accepted the other party's offer, but he couldn't leave.
   Thank you for reminding me, but this is a rare holiday, the big deal is for me to stay away from them.
    Lockhart said.
   Yes. Good luck then.
   The regret on Roberts's face was beyond words. He obviously didn't believe that Lockhart would really 
   stay away from those people
   . His expression was like that of an elder when he saw a good young man about to fall at the door of the clubhouse.Although the look was unpleasant, Lockhart decided to forgive him, because he felt that it was not Roberts' fault, but the Prime Minister's fault.The Beatles was obviously what I discussed with Prime Minister Major. How did he become a hippie?Although Lockhart thinks that this may just be the Prime Minister's unintentional mistake, but think about it carefully, if the Quidditch World Cup is said to be a 
   hippie carnival
   , it can avoid a lot of trouble.As Roberts said, those guys fucked and fucked in the name of freedom, andAnd it got bigger and bigger, and successfully made the Western society that regards 
   freedom
    as its absolute political correctness begin to reflect on whether it has any side effects.As long as it is said that hippies are messing around, no matter what happens in the Quidditch World Cup, they can explain to the Muggle people, and even take it for granted. still very appropriateTherefore, he had no choice but to pinch his nose and recognize the name of the 
   Happy Carnival
   , and drove into the camp in a rented RV.In the camp, the staff of the Ministry of Magic had already gathered there, and Lockhart was not the first group of people who came here.The work area of ​​these people is the 
   outfield
   , responsible for planning the camp area, arranging emergency firefighters, and casting Muggle repelling spells on the stadium and around the camp.Seeing Lockhart coming, although these people greeted Lockhart, Lockhart found that these people seemed to be a little alienated from him because of their rapid promotion.The female staff were okay, they had no ambitions, and it was generally believed that Lockhart should be able to become the Director of the Law Enforcement Department.But the male colleagues don't seem to think so,
    even if they can barely agree with Luoha^^ Temple's ability.This is not a good thing, the only place in the world that does not need geniuses is within the system.The wood is as beautiful as the forest, and the wind will destroy it. Although Lockhart has worked hard to make himself fit in with the group, as long as he does not give up his ambition and the pace of progress, it will inevitably arouse the jealousy of others.If it is an ordinary person, they may want to keep a low profile temporarily to make themselves fit in the group, but Lockhart intends to use a more powerful but impeccable posture to make these people accept his own psychologically. status.Because he's the man who's going to be the Minister of Magic!Lockhart's job is the 
   inside field
   . He is responsible for leading people to check the security and receiving foreign guests from afar.On the issue of security in the infield, Lockhart had to raise objections and objected to some of Moody's practices, although Moody had shown the qualities expected of an experienced Auror.
   In order to show the importance we attach to foreign guests, we spent two full days strengthening the international line and made five door keys.
    Moody told Lockhart, 
   This will minimize the time foreign guests are exposed to in undefended areas.
   
   But in any case, we can't arrange them to sleep in the office of the stadium!
    Lockhart complained.
   Why not?
    Moody asked back, 
   It's the safest place, and it's also convenient for us to arrange.
   
   But the purpose of our Quidditch competition is not to be safe!
    Lockhart complained helplessly. 
   If it is to be safe, why don't we simply cancel the competition? That is the safest.
   Moody froze for a moment, then slapped himself on the forehead heavily, as if he had thought of a good idea.
   That's a nice idea...we can pretend it's called off and then announce it's going on in the last 10 minutes before the game...
   
   No, no, no, that's absolutely impossible.
    Lockhart vetoed his opinion, 
   It would make all foreigners laugh, and it's absolutely impossible for Fudge to agree to the idea.
   But the terrorists are very likely to take this opportunity to make noise outside the venue, and then sneak into the VIP room after the security forces are called out...
   Now Lockhart can be sure that Moody is definitely really nervous
   Don't worry, Alastor, nothing... um... nothing serious will happen.
    HeSay.Chapter 250: The French's WinningThat night, the Department of Magical Law Enforcement conducted a security rehearsal.Although in old Moody's opinion, the intensity of this kind of security is only slightly stronger than none at all, but Fudge is very satisfied, because these Aurors seem to be trainingHowever, he also made a request, that is, he hopes that these Aurors can be uniformed, because this can    make the British look more spiritual.
   This time without Moody's action, Scrimgeour couldn't hold back his violent temper.
   Aurors must hide themselves! You should leave the matter of uniforms to other staff!
    he yelled.Because Scrimgeour's qualifications were older than Fudge's, Fudge had to turn his target to other people.He required all Ministry of Magic staff seconded from other departments to wear uniforms, and only Aurors could be free, and allowed Aurors to take Polyjuice Potion or use the illusion spell during the game.Scrimgeour wasn't completely an idiot either. Under his orders, the Aurors followed the principle of 
   loose outside and tight inside
    and arranged most of their staff in the arena, leaving only a few people outside to help maintain order.But in the old Moody's view, this is far from enough.After rehearsals, when the Ministry of Magic staff gathered for supper, Moody kept talking, and his main complaint was Scrimgeour's negligence.忌、
   ...Only a fool would use up all his hands at once, and he didn't even keep a ranger,
    he said.Lockhart shrugged at him:    As you can see, the entire Ministry of Magic hasWith all the scriptures used, we only have a few hundred people in total. If half of the women, the elderly, and administrative and secretarial workers are excluded, we will have less than 100 people who can fight. It is really impossible to form a special team. people. 
   Immediately there was a dissatisfied voice from the side:    Hey, I can't pretend that I didn't hear that, why exclude women?
   Lockhart took a closer look and found that it was Nymphadora Tonks from the Auror officeNot only Tonks, but even the newly appointed Acting Director of the Sports Department, Hessica Jones, also put down the sandwich in his hand, as if he was very dissatisfied with Lockhart's 
   sexism
   .Oops!Lockhart thought.Among his current income components, the oil project has not seen any benefits for the time being: and although the salary of Hogwarts was high that year, Lockhart spent money lavishly. The silver shield cost him several thousand galleons, so he didn't actually save much money.As for the salary of the Ministry of Magic... I can only say that I am sorry, no matter how famous he is, the Ministry of Magic will not give him an extra Nat's salary, and the first-year staff of the Ministry of Magic can't get much salary. , so this part can basically be ignored.What really achieved continuous income for Lockhart, in addition to the continuous royalty income from book sales, was that the regular interviews and gossip news hype of    Witch Weekly
    allowed him to get some money, and the sales volume of his books was largely The Internet also relies on the propaganda of 
   Witch Weekly
   .If Lockhart's 
   misfeminist
    remarks get out...
   How could it be?
    He hurriedly tried to recover, 
   I just think...women often have more important responsibilities in the family and society, and bear far more pressure than men, so when it comes to these trivial matters that require a lot of energy, It’s better to leave it to us stinky men.”Having said that, he thought of something again, and added:    And staying up late on duty is not good for the skin.
   Several female employees present laughed.
   Very good, you pass.
    Hessia Jones pushed him, 
   You have such a sweet mouth, no wonder my sister was deceived by you, and even participated in the protest against the 
   Daily Prophet.
   The male colleagues all showed regretful expressions, and they didn't hide it very much.These unscrupulous guys!Lockhart cursed inwardly.Obviously, the money for this supper is all paid by myself!Lockhart originally thought that his job in this Quidditch tournament was to accompany the foreign guests, save face for Fudge, and make a cameo appearance as goalkeeper.But he was wrong.On the next morning, Lockhart and Fudge received the dignitaries from various countries sent by special portkeys.Of course, Fudge rushed forward at the first time, 
   representing
    the entire magical world in Britain, and said hello to these guests who came from afar.His enthusiasm was echoed by the international and sports departments of each country, and they did not refuse when Fudge invited them to lunch.
   
   
Chapter 122   
   
   However, when the lunch buffet was halfway through, Lockhart noticed something was wrong.Because France and the Foreign Affairs Department of the African Union of Wizards came to find themselves, saying that they had something to talk to him about.Even the Americans, Norwegians, and Bulgarians might want to talk to Lockhart if they weren't all stalked by Fudge, at least Lockhart could tell by the way they looked at him.
   Is there a problem?
   Lockhart couldn't help but glance at Fudge while asking in French.Although it was only noon, that fellow Fudge was actually drinking to his heart's content, and judging from his flushed face, he was obviously drunk.Too bad there's no MP here to impeach him for, so Fudge can drink as he pleases.Lockhart thought regretfully.The Frenchman thought that Lockhart was worried that Fudge would see their small movements, so he pointed to the exhibition hall of the stadium, pretending that he was very interested in itWhen Lockhart saw this, he immediately followed, because it was his job to provide security, so no one would feel wronged.In the exhibition hall, the Frenchman and the Senegalese confided to Lockhart that they had come for cooperation with the Muggles.
   The relationship between the Magical Congress of America and Muggles has always been bad, so you don't need to pay attention to them.
    The Frenchman told Lockhart, 
   What we bring to you is Mr. Flamel's dying wish.
   
   Flame? Could it be that great alchemist, Mr. Nicole Flamel.
    Lockhart asked.In his impression, the French like to use exaggerated rhetorical techniques and intense emotions to explain the existence of things, and he doesn't know if the French wizards are the same.After hearing Lockhart's evaluation of Nicole Flamel, the Frenchman's expression hardly changed, and it could even be said that he accepted it calmly.Lockhart can feel that, in the eyes of the French, Nicole Flamay fully deserves this kind of evaluation, whether it is 
   great
   , 
   excellent
    or 
   extraordinary
   , use these adjectives to describe Nicole Flamel can only be regarded as a truthful comment.
   Yes, Mr. Flamel believes that Muggles have outperformed alchemy in alchemy.
   Aside from wizards, he said that he was not even sure which alchemy he knew and what Muggles knew was closer to the essence, especially after he read the theories of Planck and Mr. Heisenberg...Although I don't think Muggles have this ability, since the teacher hopes that we can cooperate with the Muggle scientific community, we must find some way. 
   Lockhart suddenly realized:    It turns out that the reason why you noticed nuclear energy was because of Mr. Flamel? No wonder.
   If it is other wizards, it is normal to not understand the technological changes in the Muggle world, but these people definitely do not include Nicole Flamel.Because he is already at the top of the alchemy and potions pyramids in the wizarding world, if even he can't get a glimpse of the technological progress on the Muggle side, then no one in the wizarding world will be able to realize this.If he had studied Muggle papers on nuclear energy and quantum mechanics, then it was normal for him to have doubts.No, it should be said that this is correct—because anyone who reads quantum theory for the first time cannot understand it, and if he thinks he understands it after reading it once or twice, it means that he must not understand it.Seeing that Lockhart can understand clearly, the people of the French Ministry of Magic feel much relieved.
   Great...I think we should strengthen cooperation in these areas.
    He said to Lockhart, 
   Paris, as an international capital, is far more enlightened than you think in this regard. Whether it is nuclear energy or oil or other energy sources, We must find a way to keep up with the Muggles, otherwise the next Grindelwald will appear sooner or later, what do you think?
   
   Couldn't be more correct,
    said Lockhart admiringly.Then, Lockhart turned to the representative of the African Union of Wizards:    So, do you think so too?
   
   Of course, we also have the same opinion.
    The wizard who is said to be from Senegal patted his chest and said, 
   In addition, in terms of communication with Muggles, IOur African wizards have always been at the forefront of the world.Honestly, John Bull... I mean, you British wizards can influence the Muggle government, which is something we didn't think of before. 
   Lockhart opened his mouth, Goon wanted to ask him how he knew that British wizards could influence government departments, but then he reacted.It seems that the British MPs collectively spoke out against the Gambian witch hunt a few days ago, making them think that British wizards also have considerable influence on the Muggle government.Although after communicating with the Prime Minister, maybe the wizarding world can affect the Muggle world even more in the future.But there is no need to tell outsiders about these things, just let them continue to misunderstand.Besides, Senegal has four districts that have seats in the French National Assembly. God knows whether this African wizard and the French are wearing a pair of pants. You have to be careful, don't make random promises, and finally fall into someone else's trap.As for the 
   good relationship
    between African wizards and African governments, Lockhart scoffed.The actions of African wizards have indeed been in a semi-public state on the Muggle side. Many African leaders, politicians, and even rebels will ask the wizards in the tribe for divination. When they are sick, they are not willing to go to the doctor. Tiao Dashen, it is not unimaginable that they have mastered part of the grassroots power.But most African countries are poor, so their 
   intimate relationship
    sounds great, but it's actually useless. Lockhart's compliments are enough.But in this way, the Magical Congress of the United States and the Ministry of Magic of Norway and BulgariaLockhart can basically guess what he wants to talk to himselfChapter 250 Eight OppositionSure enough, after watching for nothing, the U.S. representative took the opportunity to accuse Fudge: and then found Lockhart who was in the honor room of the stadium.   I've heard about you.
    The Deputy Secretary of State of the Magical Congress of America said to Lockhart with a serious face, 
   I suggest that you Britons be more cautious in your dealings with the Muggle world.
   
   Where did you start with that?
    Lockhart asked, pretending to be stupid.It wasn't that he didn't know that the relationship between the Magical Congress of America and No-Maj had always been tense, even more tense than in the Middle Ages.Moreover, there was a very bad case in the United States in history. Bartholomew Barebone, the No-Maj 
   Scavenger
   , used his love relationship with a witch to find out the situation in the American magic world. a full exposure.After this incident happened, the American wizarding world was almost destroyed because of it. It took them a lot of effort to control the influence with the Oblivion Curse in time, and they tried to send Barryborn to prison. Tone, lest something similar to the Salem Witch Case happen again.Therefore, although the United States claims to be open and inclusive, their wizarding world and Muggle world have always maintained a state of 
   one-way communication
   , that is, wizards obtain information and learn from Muggles, but basically they do not communicate with them. The Muggle side outputs anything.This is understandable, because Americans have a relatively large population and very rich land. In addition, American wizards were basically formed after the 18th century, so the national conditions are completely different from those in the UK.Not only is the population of wizards in the United States 5 or 6 times that of the United Kingdom, but it has also independently developed some self-sufficient magic industries, and the economic scale can accommodate a more diversified distribution.Therefore, there are even careers such as wizards and scientists. Even if they don't rely on No-Majs, they can live better than ordinary civilians.They could continue to maintain the status quo, but Lockhart knew that Britain could not follow the example of the United States.This is not only because there are too many magical families in the UK and too little available land, but more importantly, there is a fundamental problem of economic scale.So even though he knew the Americans were dissatisfied with his actions, Lockhart still insisted.
   I don't think you should get involved with the French.
    The Deputy Secretary of State said very bluntly, 
   You, like them, are doing a very dangerous thing. Once the wizarding world is exposed to the eyes of Muggles , our lifeline cannot be controlled by ourselves.”Lockhart very much agreed with him that one really shouldn't put one's own safety at the mercy of others.
   I never expected No-Majs to show mercy to us wizards,
    Lockhart said. Even No-Majs, they all have to come up with a set of things like Asians, Hispanics, Africans, Aboriginals and whites. In order to distinguish each other, if wizards join, there will only be one more discriminated ethnic group in your country. 
   The deputy secretary of state was a little surprised, because he didn't know that Lockhart knew so much about American No-Majs.He looked at Lockhart twice, and then asked aloud, 
   Are you a half-blood wizard? Or are you from the No-Maj family?
   
   I'm of mixed race, so I know a thing or two about the political situation there.
    Lockhart said bluntly.
   Since you know, why are you still with the French?
    asked the Secretary of State puzzledly, 
   We think LeMay is just exaggerating.
   
   Maybe it's because Grindelwald almost destroyed Paris, but he didn't destroy Washington.
    Lockhart said cryptically.
   But Grindelwald didn't want to destroy London either.
   That's another sad question...
    Lockhart sighed, 
   We have guys in England who are more difficult than Grindelwald, such as... The Mysterious Man.
   
   But he's dead, isn't he?
    said the Deputy Secretary of State impatiently.
   I reserve my opinion on this, and we don't have time to argue about it now,
    said Lockhart. 
   I'm sorry, but if you have any questions, please consult with our minister.
   
   That minister of yours?
    The Deputy Secretary of State sneered. 
   When I go back, I'll be lucky if I don't see a drunken alcoholic.
   When he returned to the VIP lounge, Lockhart found that the Deputy Secretary of State had unfortunately meant what he said.Fudge obviously drank a little too much, his nose turned red, he spoke in a rough voice, and often laughed loudly for no reason, even if the jokes told by others were not goodSeeing Lockhart come in, the expressions of Scrimgeour, Jones, and several of Fudge's cronies, such as Mockridge from the Goblin Liaison Office, were not very good. Neither look good.But Bulgaria's international director is obviously a good recruiter. ＜Extravagant fooddangerousPu Zhichlor チ チ 思 Vice ?/p>It's a pity that neither Lockhart nor Scrimgeour can be regarded as Fudge's 
   insiders
   , they don't have the position to persuade them, they can only watch from the sidelines.In the end, it was Mockridge who couldn't stand it anymore, and persuaded Fudge to leave the lounge and asked him to drink some hangover medicine.Lockhart helped him to help the Minister, and got a grateful look from Mockridge.Thank you...and Ludo Bagman thanks to you too. 
   He told LojaTe said.Since the other party was polite enough, Lockhart should also respond:    You're welcome, friendship, as long as you don't think I'm meddling in your department.
   
   No way.
   Fudge went there for two or three hours, and when he returned to the waiting room, Lockhart had already had a long discussion with the people from the Norwegian and Bulgarian International Departments.The Norwegian Ministry of Magic doesn't seem to want to meddle in the disputes between the French and the Americans, and they have nothing to export except for the breeding of magical creatures, so the influence of the Ministry of Magic among Norwegian wizards is actually very weak, even Durmstrang's principals are all bigger than their powers.After talking for two or three sentences, Lockhart knew that the Norwegians were just here for soy sauce, so he didn't go any further.However, the Bulgarians made a statement of their firm support for the British, and said that they would decide their country's policy according to the effect of the reform of the British Ministry of Magic.If he hadn't witnessed the scene where he got Fudge drunk just now, maybe Lockhart would have believed it.In order not to give false pretenses and give the Bulgarians the opportunity to snitch on Fudge, Lockhart stopped talking to the two chiefs and kept chatting with the French and the Ugandans.And this is undoubtedly Lockhart's statement that he has already made a decision, and the face of the Americans is not very good.Chapter 250: CampAfter Fuji came back, the preparations for the game entered the final stage - guarding the audience to enter the arena.After sending the VIPs into the box, Lockhart got a chance to go out for inspection and get some fresh air, and the guards in charge of the VIP box were replaced by Moody and three Aurors sent by the Ministry of Magic.Lockhart wasn't sure if this was the result of Fudge's sudden    jealousy
    after hearing that he had been talking to foreign guests for a long time.Fudge obviously thought that if there was only one person in the Ministry of Magic who had the authority to negotiate major cooperation matters with foreigners, then that person could only be him.Lockhart really wanted to persuade him not to waste his efforts, because he hadn't even completely eliminated Barty Crouch's influence in the International Department.The result of Fudge's reluctance to take responsibility is that no one counts on him to do things, especially those that require 
   standing your ground.
   Maybe people will follow his orders on trivial matters, but when people want to do big things, they usually don't turn to him.Fudge was jealous, and Lockhart was delighted.After he greeted the people from the French International Department, he slipped out of the stadium, and while greeting his acquaintances outside, he began to think about what happened just now.It has to be said that the Quidditch World Cup has a great influence. In addition to the camps in Britain, Bulgaria and European countries, Lockhart also saw people from the United States, Brazil, Burkina Faso and even Australia come to watch the game.Having traveled abroad before writing the book, Lockhart knew that traveling across oceans was a luxury, even for wizards.Travel transportation, equipment plus accommodation, food, and attraction tickets, a familyThe expenses for four or five people going out for a few days can easily be hundreds of galleons, which is several times the monthly salary of a senior employee of the Ministry of Magic, and this is not counting lost wages.But even so, the wizarding families who came to watch the game did not look like wealthy families. From camping equipment to clothing, there was no doubt that they were ordinary families.In other words, these wizards took out a large part of their family's income just to watch football games.It seems very unwise to do so, but when you think about it, these wizarding families don't seem to have anything else to spend, so it doesn't seem like a big deal to spend a lot of savings on entertainment.Calculated in this way, the economy of the wizarding world is still very interesting.Because the basic food needs can be met, food production in its primary industry, that is, agriculture, has already reached the 
   limit
    hundreds of years ago, and no progress can be made.Even in a 
   poor
    family like the Weasley family, Mrs. Weasley can provide all the children with the necessary nutrition, and it is quite a lot of food.Therefore, people who are engaged in food production usually do not get any income. Only those who grow herbs and raise magical creatures may earn some. These two are actually serving the production of magic medicine in the secondary industry, otherwise they will not be able to make money. Can't make any money.The secondary industry is industry, because of the economic scale, it still stays at the manual stage. Whether it is the Tufan clothing store or Madam Mojin's gown shop, it still needs to be cut by hand. Even the broomsticks and the construction industry have not yet It has been developed too much, but the potion has developed well.Perhaps the only thing worthy of praise in the wizarding world is the tertiary industry, that is, the service industry.With a population of about [-] wizards, Britain can afford two radio stations, more than a dozen newspapers, weekly magazines, and even thirteen professional Quidditch teams.And judging from the lives of Ludo Bagman and Ginny Potter, the income of professional Quidditch players cannot be considered low.If bars and joke shops are included in the tertiary industry, most of the industries in the wizarding world are dominated by the tertiary industry.This also means that wizards spend most of their production and surplus value on these tertiary industries, and the 
   assets
    used for reproduction are seriously insufficient.This is not a good thing, because it means that the wizarding world will not be much more productive than it is now in 100 years.At present, the core assets that wizards rely on for their livelihood are actually only charms, potions, and alchemy, but the problem is that they are limited by the secrecy law. Without demand, there is very little room for them to improve.From this point of view, the pure-blood wizards who have monopolized the 
   inheritance
    are indeed a cancer in the wizarding world, but the bigger cancer is the 
   Secrecy Act
    that hinders wizards from transforming knowledge into actual economic benefits.Just like the Dameng Dynasty who locked the country to avoid pirates and plunder, this is purely a waste of food because of choking. If you continue to retreat, sooner or later there will be stronger power to let you switch it back on.Therefore, no matter how strongly the Americans oppose it, Lockhart will not stop the possibility of reform because of this.Only in this way, forming an alliance with France, which has a long history of magic, and the African Wizarding Union, which has a large wizard population, has become an imperative thingOtherwise, if only Britain or France carry out reforms alone, the international pressure they face will be too great. At least the United States, whose wizard population far exceeds that of Britain, will resolutely oppose it.I believe the French think so too, that's why they hurried over to win over the British. Anyway, everyone still has the 
   friendship
    to fight Grindelwald together.The rest of the European countries are not much better. Judging from the performance just now, Bulgaria and the Norwegian Ministry of Magic seem to intend to remain neutral. If the British and French reforms succeed, they will follow up. If they fail, they will see the jokes of the British and French. is not badThe future is dangerous!Lockhart couldn't help but sigh with emotion.Lockhart smoothed out his thoughts as he walked, and set out the direction of future diplomatic work for himself.Just as he was thinking, there was a sudden exclamation in front of him.
   Gidero, be careful!
    A man's voice sounded.Lockhart shuddered, then subconsciously raised his back, and the wand also ejected.
   
   
Chapter 123   
   
   Who had the audacity to attack Ministry of Magic officials in the camp area?But Lockhart was immediately relieved, because the person who made him be careful was Arthur Weasley, and the Weasley twins, Fred and George, were on the way.The two of them carried a wooden stick on their shoulders, and under the wooden stick hung three buckets filled with water.The bucket was obviously very heavy, and the twins carried the bucket staggeringly, and the water in it was spilled all the way, and they were about to bump into Lockhart.
   Oh oh oh... children, slow down!
    Lockhart quickly avoided, 
   The rope for hanging the bucket should be longer, and you should take small steps when walking, not so big.Chapter 260The twins staggered and put the bucket in front of their family's camp, and then, without apologizing to Lockhart, they immediately sat down on the grass without any image, panting heavily
   It's all Daddy's fault!
    Fred complained, 
   It's obvious that you can lift water by magicMr. Weasley ignored his son's complaints:    It's impossible, it's illegal, we can't use magic in Muggle camps... Gilderoy, thank you for your help, have you been busy recently?
   
   Fortunately, before the game started, the minister allowed me to go out for a walk.
    Lockhart pointed out.The Weasleys didn't get it, but Arthur did.He took down a sausage that was roasting on the fire, put it in front of his eyes, looked at it carefully, and then nodded with satisfaction.
   Don't worry, Fudge will figure it out... Shall we better feed our stomachs and have a sausage before the game?
   Lockhart was not polite either, he sat down and took the sausage
   Thank you.
    He took a bite of the sausage, allowing the delicious smell of fat to spread into his mouth, 
   I didn't eat anything at the welcome reception, so I just went to talk.
   Lockhart glanced around and found the wreckage of more than 30 matches lying beside Arthur. It seemed that he had put a lot of thought into trying to light the fire the Muggle way.After thinking for a while, Lockhart took out a lighter from his pocket.
   Here you are, Arthur.
    He opened the metal cover of the lighter and lit itThen handed it over.Mr. Weasley took the lighter in his hand curiously, and was immediately attracted by it:    What is this?
   
   Dunhill lighters, a Muggle brand that supplies the British royal family, can be lit with kerosene or alcohol,
    Lockhart explained.
   Oh, that must be expensive...
   
   Not at all, this is something I got out of their club.
    Lockhart said without blushing, 
   To be honest, I don't know how much this thing costs.
   The shape of the lighter is quite exquisite. Arthur tried it in his hand and couldn't put it down.
   You keep it for now.
    Lockhart said hastily, 
   I rarely watch football, so I don't need to camp on the Muggle side. I used to use magic tents when I was adventuring outside.
   Arthur was a little embarrassed, but he just got a new toy and he would never let it go, so he invited Lockhart to eat roast chicken on the fire.Lockhart glanced around and found that there was no one else in the camp except Mr. Weasley and the twins, so he asked a question.Later, Sirius and Harry invited them to go for a ride in the newly bought sports car, and said they would stop by the souvenir stand. Molly was a little worried, so she followed. ' Arthur told him.
   A sports car?
   Lockhart thought to himself that Sirius still bought a sports car, and he didn't know whether he bought a civilian version of the sports car or a third- or fourth-hand car of some old luxury cars, and then refurbished it himself
   Then why don't you two go?
    Lockhart looked at the twins wonderingly, don't tell me you don't want to go by car. 
   He didn't ask how a sports car can hold so many people. Sirius is definitely not the kind of person who follows the rules, and the traceless stretching spell must have been cast.But sometimes people have to learn to pretend to be confused, and Lockhart thinks it's better not to ask such questions.As a result, Fred and George looked at each other, then shook their heads resolutely together.
   No, we're afraid we won't be able to resist spending money after we go,
    George said.
   Spending money? You shouldn't be short of money, right?
    Lockhart asked strangely.Fred:    If we go to the souvenir stand together...
   George:    Then it's hard for us to keep our hands off those things.
   No, no, this is not the point, the point is that even if we hold back, they will buy it for us.
   
   But in this way, we owe them a favor... It's not like we don't have money.
   
   It would be embarrassing.
   
   So the best option is not to go.
   The more Lockhart heard, the more confused he became:    Since you have money, why don't you buy it?
   Mr. Weasley answered Lockhart's question for the two sons:    Because the two of them want to save money to open a shop, they are saving capital... Molly is not very happy about it, so don't tell her about it later. 
   Lockhart was devouring the chicken, hadn't eaten anything at the welcome party, and was famished now.
   Opening a shop is a good thing, why is she unhappy?
   Makeup also wants us to work for the Ministry of Magic. Fred sighed, 
   But it's too boring there, we don't want to go in, but when we told the truth, sheGot mad. 
   Mr. Weasley actually agreed with his two sons:   ... the Ministry of Magic work is really boring, but I think the real reason for her anger is not because of this, but because you both only got three 'owls'
   It's not our fault!
    the twins said in unison, 
   If you have to ask Professor Lockhart about this, it's all his fault. This year's exams are more difficult!
   Seeing that Lockhart stopped eating the chicken and looked at himself inquiringly, Mr. Weasley quickly reprimanded his two uneasy sons:    Nonsense, didn't you two get the Defense Against the Dark Arts? Is it? Obviously it was hindered by other subjects.
   Lockhart felt a little curious: besides Defense Against the Dark Arts, what subjects did they pass?    
   I got an E for Charms, an E for Defense Against the Dark Arts, and an A for Protecting Magical Creatures, and either a P or a D for the rest, and a T for Ancient Runes and Divination...
    Weasley The gentleman sighed, 
   To be honest, with this achievement, no organization, company or farm will hire them. If they don't open their own shop, they really can only work in the Ministry of Magic.
   
   It's better not to enter the Ministry of Magic or not. That's where people like us go.
    Lockhart said to the twins.Mr. Weasley and Lockhart looked at each other, then burst out laughing in unison.Although they knew they were joking, the twins took Lockhart's words seriously.
   Isn't it?
    said Fred, putting down the chicken bone in his hand, 
   so we must open a shop, if we can win this bet... Oh, George, how much we can win.
   George took out a large sheet of paper from his pocket:    Let me see...Ireland vs. Bulgaria, excluding overtime, within 120 minutes, Bulgaria's odds of winning, drawing and losing are 3.14,3.06, 1.95 and [-],
    Goblin Gaming Company is more optimistic about Ireland... If we buy the Irish team to win, we will not make much money, even less than - times. 
   Looking at the odds table in his hand, Lockhart secretly said that Odd-Gonuk was really shrewd, he directly copied the rules of the Muggle gaming industry.
   Why, did the Bulgaria you bought win? To fight three times?
    He asked curiously.
   No, no, no...
    Fred said, wagging his fingers, and looking smug,
   We're not that crazy yet, Ireland will win.
   George's smile became more sly:    That's right, so we bought an add-on - the Irish team won, but Krum was the one who caught the Snitch in the end.
   
   In this way, according to the limited player rule, the odds can be increased to 5 times the original, and we can get 9.75 times the odds.
   Dyke, we've put all our savings into one
   
   A total of 07 Galleons and 10 Sickles.
    Fred showed a pitiful expression, 
   If you guess wrong, we will eat dirt.
   
   Scared? No wonder you dare not go to the souvenir stand.
    Lockhart was taken aback. 
   How did you guess...guess such a result?
   After hearing this, the twins are not only proud this time, they are simply turning their noses up to the sky.
   Ireland's Chasers are too strong!
   
   The goalkeeper is also the best goalkeeper in half a century.
   
   Although the Bulgarian Seeker Krum is stronger...
   
   But Lynch of the Irish team is the best at pestering the guy. If he concentrates onCovering and entanglement prevented Krum from rushing up to speed, and Krum had no chance.As long as Ireland leads by more than 160 points, Lynch will relax his tracking of Krum. 
   
   At this time, Krum's stronger strength can be brought into play.
   Lockhart understood:    In other words, Lynch will let Krum get the Snitch when he is sure to win.
   
   Yes, that's it.
    Fred gave a thumbs up, 
   Professor Lockhart, don't tell those goblins.
   George also said:    We trust you to tell you this. Although those goblins are sensitive in numbers, they don't understand Quidditch.
   
   Absolutely not.
    Lockhart promised, 
   Besides, there are not many people as knowledgeable as you.
   The twins were even happier when he said:    
   When we get the money, we're going toDiagon Alley for rent! 
   Lockhart did a rough calculation, and found that if the twins really won the betting, they would have earned more than 1000 Galleons. Even if the 20% unexpected income tax imposed by the Ministry of Magic was removed, the Galleons that fell into their hands The original principal was more than 900. According to the monthly rent of 150 Galleons for an ordinary store in Diagon Alley, as long as the twins don't spend money randomly, they might really be able to open a store in Diagon Alley by their own strength.Mr. Weasley threw a basin of cold water without losing the opportunity:    Don't think about good things, children, if Ireland loses, you will have nothing.
   
   Absolutely not!
    George said with disgust on his face, 
   Dad, can't you say something auspicious? If we lose so much that there is no one left, then we will really have to work in the Ministry of Magic.
   It's up to you, anyway, it's your money, as long as your mother doesn't mindThat's fine. 
   Mr. Weasley seemed less interested, 
   I can't control you two years ago anyway, Percy also entered the Ministry of Magic, Ron and Ginny also...
   
   Percy?
    Lockhart remembered something, 
   By the way, which department did Percy join? Why didn't I see him? I thought he would come to report to me.
   
   Department of Magical Creatures Management, there is a newly established 
   Economic Creature Centralized Storage Office
   , he said that it is easier to get promoted from the new department... This is also learning from you. 
   Having said that, Weasley winked at Lockhart.Lockhart didn't feel disobedient at all, but laughed out loud.Chapter 260 AdmissionThe four of them chatted and gobbled it up until the end of the dusk when they returned to Mrs. Weasley and the other children.Lockhart could hear Sirius' loud voice clearly even though it was far away:   Listen Harry... that girl doesn't have 'I've belonged to some boy' written on her forehead, so if you feel like it, go for it, be yourself, and fail , because it shows that there must be better...
   Mrs. Weasley's sullen voice followed:    Sirius, they are still children! The main task now is to study!
   
   But you and Arthur are obviously in the fifth grade...
    Sirius retorted immediately.After everyone returned to the door of their tent in a noisy manner, they realized that there was one more person here.Mrs. Weasley was overjoyed:    Gidero, you are here too! Why haven't you come to the Burrow as a guest? Percy has been talking about you for a long time...just in time, tell me about these children.
   Lockhart looked at Harry's blushing face, guessing in his heart that he must not have noticed the disappointed Ginny behind him.
   I think it is necessary to try, Molly.
    He decided to say a few words for Harry:    Even a relationship that is doomed to fail is still a relationship. As long as you talk about it with your heart, children can learn a lot from it. And that’s when you expect them to marry after they graduate—you can’t expect them to go through their entire student life like a fakir and suddenly learn how to fall in love after graduation.”If someone else said this, Mrs. Weasley might not listen to it, but LockhartThe effect is somewhat different.
   But...their studies are OO
    she hesitated.
   So, we should teach them how to control themselves when they are emotionally heated. As for academics, I believe that only irresponsible men will not realize the importance of their academic performance, money and social status to their families. Are you like that, Harry?
   Harry Potter shook his head subconsciously:    No, I'm not.
   Then he realized that he had been tricked again.Lockhart laughed with everyone around him, and even Sirius joined in the laughter, which made Harry feel even more embarrassed.
   Well, maybe I should try...but to be honest, if their grades and performance in school are similar to Percy's, I might be more reassuring about them,
    Mrs Weasley said.
   That would be a real disaster,
    Fred whispered into George's ear, just loud enough for everyone present to hear.Lockhart slowly stopped his laughter, then stepped forward and formally greeted Harry and the others.
   How was your summer vacation? I heard that Harry went to Italy? Hermione, Ron, how about you?
   
   It's not bad, the sunshine is very good.
    Harry looked at his two little friends and said, 
   When Sirius and I went to Italy, it happened to coincide with the Ascension Day in August, so we went to the beach to dance on the beach, I also ate stewed chicken with green peppers and took pictures...
   Sounds good.
    Lockhart showed a fascinated expression.
   Yeah, he also brought us Italian frozen honeydew melon and biscuits.
    Hermione added, 
   I tasted it after I arrived at the Burrow yesterday, and it tasted very good, I think it's better than French panna cotta. 
   
   Did you arrive yesterday?
    Lockhart was a little surprised, 
   I thought you two would spend more time together during the summer vacation.
   Ron seemed a little embarrassed when he heard this—because of the matter of Scabbers, he and Hermione had a cold war last semester until the end of the semester, even though it turned out that Hermione was right in the end, he was still embarrassed—probably lack of An opportunity to ease the relationship with an adventure.In the end, it was Harry who advised him to use the Quidditch World Cup to ease the relationship in the letter, and Ron agreed graciously after he found the steps.He would not know what to say for a while, but Hermione eased his embarrassment
   
   
Chapter 124   
   
   
   I have some things during my summer vacation... On the one hand, I have a new book to read, and on the other hand, my father wants me to straighten my teeth.
    Hermione replied, 
   But no matter how big it is, I don't think it's as important as going to the game , after all, every four years.
   She was trying to change the subject, and Lockhart noticed.So he took advantage of the situation to change the topic:    It is true that the Ministry of Magic is very busy with the competition. If no one comes to see it, it will be troublesome... But if you say that, do you have a place to sleep tonight?
   
   Fortunately, Harry lives with Sirius, and I sleep in a tent room with Mrs. Weasley and Ginny,
    Hermione replied.
   Will it be too crowded?
    Lockhart glanced at the small tent beside him, and then took out his RV keys, 
   Molly, you ladies can live in the RV, just park at In the parking lot on the edge of the camp, there is a separate toilet, so you don’t have to go far at night when you get up at night.”
   It's really... so where do you sleep?
    Mrs. Weasley was a little surprised.
   Fudge just said that I will be on duty all night tonight, and even if I take a rest, I will probably be next to the foreign guest's room, so this RV probably won't be needed... If the competitionIf it really lasts for two days, I may have to drink brain refresher to maintain it. I hope it will end within five hours! 
   
   My God,
    sighed Mrs. Weasley, 
   Fudge is as narrow-minded as ever.
   So she didn't refuse the car keys that Lockhart handed over.After eating something hastily, several of them walked into the court together, and then went all the way to the VIP box.In the VIP box, besides the dignitaries of various countries, there are also many pure-blood family members, such as Lucius Malfoy.When Lockhart and the others came to the box, Malfoy was talking with the Norwegian International Director, as if he was talking about bringing in some Norwegian Ridgeback eggs.After seeing Mr. Weasley enter the box, he leaned forward in feigned surprise.
   My God, Weasley, how many years did you go without eating or drinking before you bought the ticket here?
   But Mr. Weasley is in a good mood today, and now that he has money in hand, he doesn't care much about this level of ridicule, so he doesn't want to quarrel with Malfoy at all:    How much? It's about the price of a black notebook, you Want to slip me another copy?
   Malfoy immediately shut his mouth, and his face became very ugly.Mr. Weasley brushed past him, bumping his shoulder on purpose as he passed.Lucius Malfoy looked over for a moment, but then steadied himself again.This unruly bastard!Chapter 260 Watching the BallRegardless of the relationship of the people who appear here in the box, their identities are either rich or noble.Not to mention Fudge and other high-ranking officials of the Ministry of Magic, even the guests who came from afar are not ordinary people, especially the pure-blooded family members who came here at their own expense.Among these people, it seems that only Black and Weasley watch the football purely for entertainment, and the rest are not so much watching the football as they are here for socializing, and the high-end box is nothing to them. It is an existence like a club.However, Lockhart is not dissatisfied with this. Anyway, the boxes in the stadiums of the Premier League are also used by big shots for socializing, and he has long been used to this kind of thing.For example, Fudge, during the time when Lockhart was away, he had already negotiated a 
   big deal
    with several foreign guests, and when Lockhart returned to the box, he showed off intentionally or unintentionally.Everyone has agreed that Potan produced in Europe must use British standards! 
   Fudge looked smug, as if he'd done some great feat in Lockhart's absence.
   It's remarkable.
    Lockhart applauded softly, 
   When our potion industry is about to grow, whoever masters the standard first will be the winner in the future.
   
   Exactly!
    Fudge was even more proud.Lockhart didn't know if Fudge could hear the sarcasm in his words, but the Americans next to him, as well as Lucius Malfoy, obviously did.As a person with a relationship with the descendants of Slytherin, the Deputy Secretary of State of the United States seemed very regretful. He probably only knew that the British Minister of Magic was actually such a person.
   It's eye-opening, no wonder you need to communicate with the Muggle government here,
    he whispered to Lucius.Lucius Malfoy nodded:    We are also very worried about this phenomenon. Of course, my personal position is to oppose all interactions with the Muggle community in principle, but the situation is such that we have to use a more flexible approach. method for covert resistance.Malfoy pretended to be so serious that the Americans believed it.If he had been told that the Malfoy family was secretly engaged in grain futures trading, or even buying and selling some artworks, he probably wouldn't be so confiding.
   It's not easy for you.
    The American said, 
   If we just get some oil for our own use, we have no problem at all. Our Congress is doing the same thing, but selling it to Muggles...
   He mistook Fudge for a pro-trade faction with Muggles.At this moment, the noise from the arena interrupted the conversation of everyone in the box.Lockhart took a look, and it turned out that the mascot of Bulgaria - Veela appeared.To be honest, he is actually very curious about creatures like Veela.Because 
   beauty
    is a very subjective feeling, A may think oval face is good, but B only responds to a small round face, C likes a slightly larger mouth, but D does not talk about it if it is not a small mouth... These are all normal.In this world, there are no men or women who fully meet everyone’s aesthetic standards. Even the recognized handsome men and beautiful women, they only look the most harmonious”, that is, they conform to the neutral image of handsome men and beautiful women in everyone’s impression.But veela is different, they can make all unsuspecting men crazy, that is to say, it can step on the xp of all men by nature, which is very abnormal, not to mention that it can also arouse the desire for performance in all men....Of course, even if there is no Veela, men will have a special desire to express themselves in front of beautiful women.If species such as kittens, pandas, and koalas are born with human aesthetics, then Veela is a species that specifically caters to men’s aesthetics, or it has gradually evolved in a long evolutionary history ability to meet this need.What Lockhart is interested in is whether they rely on appearance or so-called magic?Or both?With this question in mind, he stood a little higher, and looked into the arena from the shoulders of the crowd surrounded by the window of the box.The moment the veela caught Lockhart's eyes, a mental shock hit his brain directly.Ah...the case was solved, it really was a mental attack.Lockhart gently shook his head, blocking this indiscriminate and large-scale AE charm attack from Veela to the outside.This kind of magical creature is really powerful, and it can make people fall for it without knowing it. Even if its magical talent only retains two kinds of 
   morphological change
    and 
   charm aura
   , it can survive in the magical world, and it The third talent 
   spit fireball
    is better than nothing.Such a weak magical attack ability does not hinder its continuation, because the survival strategy of their race is to curry favor with powerful males, and the most powerful males in the magic world are undoubtedly humans, even creatures like fire dragons and chimeras, as long as humans are willing It can be domesticated, so it is not surprising that Veela finally evolved so in line with human aesthetics.However, the magical world is indeed different from the Muggle world, especially in terms of reproduction. There is no reproductive isolation between different magical creatures, which is surprising. Not to mention, there is no reproductive isolation between humanoid magical creatures and humans. Lockhart the mostI want to complain.That's all for werewolf, no matter how you say it, it all became from human beings being cursed.Veela has endured it too, at least it has a human form in addition to bird, horse and snake forms.But the fact that humans can intermarry with giants and have children is outrageous.Moreover, unlike Hagrid's situation of giant fathers and mothers, which can still be explained, Hagrid actually asked Mrs. Maxime whether she received giant blood from her father or mother, which had to be learned academically. Curious how this process happened.Could it be that Barty Jr. 
   demonstrated
    the Enlargement Curse and the Shrinking Curse on the spider? If that's the case, the Enlargement Curse is actually a magical skill. It would be too wasteful to demonstrate the Unforgivable Curse to make the spider bigger. Don't go overboard, being able to grow and shrink a little bit adds a lot of fun...Lockhart was so immersed in this kind of academic discussion that he couldn't help himself, but he didn't notice that most of the other men in the box were lying on the windows, not to mention Malfoy, the Weasleys, even Minister Fudge and his family. The deputy, and Harry and the other little boys all scrambled to poke their heads out of the window, as if they wanted to do something shocking, so that the 
   girls
    on the field would notice them.Unlike a noble lady like Narcissa who barely maintained her demeanor, Mrs. Weasley's face was completely gloomy. Looking at her posture, if Arthur had to use his knees to try the Muggle washboard tonight If it works well, Lockhart won't be surprised at all.Hermione tried to pull Harry and Ron, but she could only sit in her seat after failing.oh man--She gave up.But she immediately noticed Lockhart on her right who sat upright and calm despite his eyes on the field.Hmm... It seems that men are not all dirty.Hermione said heartily.Of course, it would be another matter to let her know about Lockhart's academic discussionsChapter 260 The Third Unexpected RiotFor Lockhart, even the World Cup final was nothing to watch.The Erlan team not only has the upper hand in strength, but also has 7 Firebolts in all members, giving them an indelible advantage in speed.Lockhart could see that the Bulgarians were trying to use zone defense to limit Ireland's attack.However, the Irish Chasers with superior equipment just relied on triangle tactics and simply passed the ball a few times to each other, tearing the Bulgarian team's defense line into pieces, and then it was time for the massacre.Although Krum has excellent eyesight, looks more well-trained, and has better body coordination, before the overwhelming speed advantage of the Firebolt, he can only rely on feints, constantly trying to throw his opponent away .But the Irish Seeker knew he couldn't do it, so even if he was tricked by Krum's fake moves and hit the ground one after another, he still stalked and continued to post.It can only be said that the Firebolt does have an advantage in acceleration, so even if it will be thrown off for a while, the Irish team's Seeker can re-attach it, making Klum helpless.In the end, Lynch succeeded in his task of stalking Krum from taking the Snitch before Ireland led by 160 points.The moment Krum got the Snitch, the twin Weasleys in the box jumped three feet high.
   Long live! I won!
    They celebrated wildly in front of all the distinguished guests in the box.Seeing their elation, they were happier than the Ministry of Magic officials in the Office of the British and Irish Quidditch Command.Seeing the directors of Bulgaria's international department and sports department look like they had eaten shit, Fudge felt very satisfiedAfter being drunk, how could he not wake up? I felt that I fell asleep until now seeing these two people upset, he felt very happy.
   Sorry...but understandable, right?
    Fudge said to the two with a smirk.The two directors forced themselves to smile:    Congratulations, the performance of the Firebolt really deserves its name. I hope we can unify the standard of a broom before the next competition.
   The implication is that the Bulgarians don't think Ireland won sufficientlySeeing how the Bulgarians refused to admit defeat, the British like Fudge felt happier.At this moment, whether it was Malfoy or Weasley, these British dignitaries briefly united, took turns to 
   comfort
    the Bulgarians, and deliberately spoke loudly when talking to other foreign guests.Diplomats from other countries did not think so much. After congratulating Ireland for winning the championship routinely, they began to have a 
   small meeting
    with these British dignitaries.If what is said at the reception with Ministry of Magic officials during the day is just a scene, then these small meetings at night are the key to determining 
   major national affairs
   . Representatives from different countries have different interests in the UK. I want to take the opportunity to talk clearly.The Bulgarian official with a bad face charged a crime and left the VIP box on the pretext of going to the toilet.After all, Mr. Weasley was in a cold office, and Sirius didn't have any personal relationships, so naturally no one came to talk to them after the game, so they bid farewell to Lockhart and left the box one after another.Lockhart sent them out on the sham, but when he came back and passed the toilet,He heard a low growl from inside the toilet door.
   ...This is not our previous agreement! You said you could do it...rnm, get your money back!
   Lockhart scratched his head, then decided to leave it alone.Because the language used by the voice coming out of it was Bulgarian, and the voice was that annoying director of the International Department.No matter who he got into a financial dispute with, it has nothing to do with Lockhart. Anyway, someone tricked him into saying that he could fix the game, trick him into investing money, etc., and there is a high probability that he will not get the money back. up.When Lockhart told his own discovery, when the joke was told to the colleagues who were still staying behind, bursts of uncontrollable laughter burst from everyone's throats.
   If that's the case, they really lost the game and lost money...
    Hai Sijia Jones said with a smile, 
   I guess the goblin tricked them.
   After laughing, those who still have duties on duty stayed and prepared to watch the night shiftBecause the game ended earlier than expected, and the foreign guests still had matters to discuss, Lockhart had to work with the Auror office to do security work beside the big tent outside the stadium.After the excitement passed, everyone was a little sleepy, but old Moody kept reminding them to be careful, because if someone wanted to make trouble, they would probably choose this time when they were most relaxed.Lockhart could see that many Aurors were a little bit disapproving, but according to the rules, they really couldn't sleep on it.
   Why don't we take turns keeping vigil, half at a time?
    Lockhart suggestedBut his suggestion was immediately rejected, because everyone said that they just stayedIt's just one night, they don't care, besides, the manpower is really not enough.As a result, before midnight, an Auror who was patrolling around the camp hurried over and told everyone that something serious had happened.
   There's a group of people...they're drinking too much...going to tease a Muggle family who's watching the camp...with hoods...
    he gasped to the vigil.The Aurors suddenly tensed up.Just when everyone was about to go out, Alastor Moody stopped everyone
   You can't go out! As I said, it is very likely that someone wants to make a fuss, lure you out, and take advantage of the emptiness of the defense here to attack our distinguished guests!
   
   Then what should we do?
    Kingsley Shacklebolt asked, 
   We can't just leave it alone.
   ■
   This is what happens without a ranger...
   Moody muttered something, and then quickly said his way to deal with it.
   To be on the safe side, we should first send one or two people over there to have a look, and the rest of the people must wake up all the VIPs, and then gather together for protection, so that we can free up the second batch of people to go to support.
   
   I'll take a look over there.
    Lockhart immediately said, 
   My forgetting spell, awakening spell, and confusion spell are all pretty good, and can control the situation, Alastor, Kingsley, you two lead people to guard here, Absolutely don’t let foreign guests have problems.”Because of the urgency of the situation, the Aurors didn't argue about it, but made a decisive decision and quickly started to act.Looking at the green fireworks rising in the distance, Lockhart frowned.
   Dawlish, you go around from the right... look at the direction of this pile of fireworks, you should appear behind these people, I will attract their attention from the front, and then set off signal flares together, causing us to be crowded and surrounded Their false appearance, let them calm down... We don't have to pretend for too long, wait for Moody and them to arrange the VIPs, the second waveReinforcements will come. 
   Dawlish's hand holding the wand turned pale:    Okay.
   
   
   
Chapter 125   
   
   They didn't say much, but quickly separated and ran towards the rising fireworks in the distance.Chapter 260 Four: Make a draft before pretending to be aggressiveLockhart arrived just in time, at least when those hooded guys were about to start undressing Mr and Mrs Roberts, Lockhart still had time to shine a light on the back of their heads.   Stunning!
    Lockhart yelled.In fact, Lockhart can cast small spells like the Stunning Spell very well with silent spells, and the power is not even much lower than chanting spells. All hear it.— A red light flashed, and a hooded man who was spouting dirty words was hit by Lockhart's spell.After receiving such a spell on the back of his head, he couldn't say a word, and immediately fell in front of Roberts' barracks.The hooded group that was gathering together in a 
   carnival
    suddenly fell silent for a while, like ducks that had been poured with cold water.Lockhart went straight to the front of the barracks, blocked between the group of hooded men and Muggles, and began to ask Muggle Roberts questions.After what happened tonight, Roberts would have his memory wiped no matter what, so Lockhart wanted to figure out what happened now.
   Hello, Mr. Roberts, we meet again... It seems that you are right, it is really not a good thing to get too close to these guys.
   While talking, Lockhart tried his best to show his calmness, so that the guys behind him couldn't figure out his details.But Roberts, the camp guard, seemed to be in shock:    It's you! Who are these guys, and who are you?
   Because Roberts has seen with his own eyes these thugs wielding sticks and manipulating himself and his wife as if they were puppets, so he doesn't believe it at all nowWhat a 
   hippie carnival
    rhetoric.Seeing him like this, Lockhart also knew that he couldn't hide it anymore, so he had to try to stabilize them first.
   Actually... I'm from MI[-], and I'm being ordered to monitor whether anyone will use... well, narcotics. Now it seems that they do use them, otherwise they wouldn't be as crazy as they are now.
    He said to Roberts.Roberts obviously didn't believe it—he just saw how powerful the wooden sticks in the hands of the mob were.Not only was my car turned into a toy car after they clicked it with the wooden stick, but the locked doors were blown open by them waving the stick in their hands, and then I and my wife were thrown from the bed by invisible forces. pulled out.Compared with being caught out in the middle of the night as an object of fun, what made him feel more painful was that his wife was almost insulted by a group of people, and he had no way to do it.
   Those guys are not just drugged, they...they must be evil cultists, or damned, cannibal wizards!
    Roberts shouted to LockhartI don't know if it's because Lockhart has a very deceptive face, or because he speaks very much like the 
   public servants
    of the government department, but Roberts actually spoke his mind directly to him.Well, even if Lockhart doesn't want to brainwash Roberts now, he can't do it.He could only sigh and changed the subject:    Where are your two children? They're not here?
   While staring vigilantly at the group of hoods a few meters away, Roberts explained to Lockhart in a low voice.
   Because I suddenly found that there were many more jobs, I sent the children to the city.The.
   That's good, after all, for children, this scene is too unbearable to look at directly... fainted!
   Lockhart suddenly drew his wand, knocking Mr Roberts and his wife unconscious.Because modifying the memory requires concentration, and Lockhart doesn't have the time right now, so he chose to knock him unconscious first.After putting the two Muggles down, Lockhart turned to the whisperers.
   Everyone, it's already so late, why don't you go back to rest? What do you want to do here?
   Probably because his tone was too peaceful, some people had an illusion because of this—that is, they thought this guy was easy to deal with.
   Stay out of your business, Ministry of Magic!
    someone yelled. 
   We're just having fun.
   
   For fun? Registered?
    Lockhart snapped back. 
   You're blatantly violating the Wizarding Secrecy Act and the Muggle Protection Act just for fun?After hearing this, some of the hooded men subconsciously tightened their hats, hoping that they could cover them more tightly.Perhaps it was the hood that gave them a special confidence, and after realizing that Lockhart was alone, they boldly drew their wands.If you turn this guy over and use the Oblivion Curse, maybe not only can you have a good time, but you won't even have to take any responsibility...
   That's none of your business, young man.
    A hooded man stood up, 
   I don't care what law your Ministry of Magic has made, I only know that ridiculous law, and I haven't signed it yet! So I You don't have to follow it either.
   Seeing them like this, Lockhart raised his wand as if nothing had happened, and was ready to do it.
   Maybe it's because you're not qualified to sign yet, fool. And... what gave you the illusion that the British made laws and needed to take the opinions of ordinary people into consideration?
   Lockhart's tone of voice was so obvious that he was finally recognized.
   Lockhart! You're Lockhart!
    another voice said, 
   Don't be stupid, we know you have a little power, but don't fight so many people for the sake of two Muggles, you can't afford it.
   
   people?
   Lockhart raised his wand, staring at the group of wizards in hoods and cloaks in front of him, with an indescribable mockery in his tone.
   The courage of the strong always goes to the stronger, and the coward draws his knife on the weak. You guys, don't even dare to do evil without dressing up like this sneaky. oo Sorry, I'm a 
   human
    did not see. 
   While talking, Lockhart raised his wand, looked around at the dozens of people in front of him with his head held high, as if he was not surrounded by dozens of people, but rather like a fisherman looking at a fish hanging in front of him. Average salted fish.
   ...Really? Flint? Nott? Yaxley? McNeill?
    Lockhart looked over one by one, and pointed out the identities of several people.After being named, there was a commotion among the thugs.Just a mob.Lockhart thought.He was just defrauding these people, he didn't actually know who was inside.But if you think about it carefully, people who can celebrate their victory in the Quidditch World Cup, drink a few ounces of yellow soup, become 
   Quidditch hooligans
   , and take pleasure in insulting Muggles, except for those pure-bloods who are not doing well Besides, who else?Although Lockhart despises these cowards, he will not underestimate these gangsters because of this.The destructive power of the mob.The reason why Lockhart wanted to name them was because when a person is in a group, he will get a false sense of security and strength because of the number of people, making him feel that he can do whatever he wants.But if we separate them one by one and let them return to the 
   individual
    point of view to think about problems, a person's IQ of seeking advantages and avoiding disadvantages will re-occupy his mindSeeing uneasiness in the crowd, Lockhart struck while the iron was hot, further dividing the crowd in front of him.
   ...Besides them, there are many other people. Because I have a business cooperation relationship with me, I will not name them for the time being. I have to give some face...
   As he spoke, he watched the reactions of these people, and sure enough, most of the impatient aura in the crowd disappeared again.Many of these people must be Death Eaters who escaped prison punishment. Although they usually get together, they don't trust each other very much.After all, these people betrayed the secrets of their Death Eaters or Voldemort in order to escape prison punishment. Who can trust anyone?Lockhart reminded them in a 
   no name
    way, although you are also here to have fun, but there is a difference between you called Mangjie level - some people can escape prison punishment with financial resources, while others cannot.Maybe there are more sensible people present who can guess what Lockhart is doing, but they may not dare to say it, because another disadvantage of the group effect is that very few people dare to be the first bird.Sure enough, after Lockhart held his breath and stood on guard for a long time, the people in front of him didn't move at all.Lockhart made up his mind.Chapter 260 IntimidationAfter reconfirming that these guys are just stern guys who refused to leave just out of face, Lockhart decided to give them the final fatal blow.
   A flock of sheep is just a sheep no matter how many, but a tiger only needs one to drive them away...
   While speaking, Lockhart pointed his wand to the ground, and a small blue flame fell on the grass.Then, with a flick of Lockhart's wrist, blue flames spread to both sides, burning into a line of fire.Imitating what he saw in the movie, after the line of fire expanded to the width of four people, he turned around lightly, swiped the line of fire heavily, formed a circle, and finally turned into a faint blue ring of fire, engulfing Lockhart and The Roberts and his wife behind him were caged in it.In the blue flames, Lockhart's expression looked a little gloomy.
   ...Admit it, without the mysterious person, you are like a group of sheep that have lost their heads, a skeleton that has lost its backbone. It looks decent, but in fact it is like a beautiful crystal cup tower, and all of you will be destroyed when you touch it. fall.
   The blue flame was burning slowly on the grass, but there was no crackling sound of burning grass stalks. Even the rustling sound of the night wind blowing through the woods was louder than the burning sound.The dark and silent environment coupled with Lockhart's deliberately slow tone made the thugs feel a lot of pressure immediately.The wizards under the hoods looked at each other, and Lockhart didn't need to watch him to know that these thugs were shaking.
   That's Grindelwald's magic! I saw it in Cemetery Lachaise!
   And some 
   smart people
    in the crowd seemed to recognize Lockhart's magic, the tone seemed bewildered.The people next to him were naturally taken aback.
   Are you sure, Carlo?
    they pressed in whispers.
   It can't be wrong, I was there at the time, and my uncle brought me along.
    Amycus Carlo's voice trembled a little.
   Damn, what is this guy...
   
   Who knows, I heard that he has also ventured around the world before, and has been to many places in Europe...
   
   Lucky for him...
   Although these voices are still noisy and full of resentment, the voices themselves are getting lower and lower, and the thugs' retreat is becoming more and more obvious.Without waiting for the expected magical attack, Lockhart was convinced that these people would not dare to do anything to him, so he gradually became arrogant.
   So, what's your reply? Do you want to leave before things get serious, or come to challenge my magic level? To be honest, after two years of being bored at Hogwarts and the Ministry of Magic, I feel that my The level of spellcasting has been declining, if someone is willing to practice with me, that would be great.
   
   You can't be strong enough to take on all of us,
    someone said tentatively.But Lockhart was unexpectedly tough:    Whether I am strong or not, today I represent the Ministry of Magic and the authority granted to me by the entire wizarding world, so I want to set a rule here one by one.
   Lockhart pointed to the blue ring of fire he had just drawn, and said word by word:    Whether you cast a spell on me or cross this line, it will be regarded as challenging the authority of the Ministry of Magic.I will use the authority granted to me by the Ministry of Magic to launch an attack on all wizards who dare to challenge public authority.Maybe I can't kill all of you, but I promise, I can at least kill all of youThere were guys who crossed the line, and the first ten guys who shot at me.Don't say it's unpredictable. 
   After saying that, Lockhart took a slight step forward with his left foot and raised the wand in his hand: he assumed a standard duel-ready posture.From the way he looks, he seems to mean to do what he says.See things deadlocked.Finally, some people couldn't bear their temper and tried to    make peace
   .
   Lockhart, I think you've noticed - we haven't done anything yet:right?    A voice familiar to Lockhart sounded.Although the person's full face cannot be seen under the hood, Lockhart can tell that this person is definitely the 
   shareholder
    of the oil companyHearing this, Lockhart felt more at ease in his heart:    Yes, it's a pity...but your intentions just now seem to be obvious.
   
   But there is no 'attempt' in wizarding crimes. 
   One of the guys who didn't seem to have drunk much said, 
   Look, the Irish team won the championship, and everyone is very happy. It's normal to go out after drinking to relieve boredom. Household...
   He paused in the middle of speaking, because he noticed that the people around him were slowly backing away.Obviously, not everyone has the courage to face the 
   legendary black magic
   .Those who are still talking now are those who were 
   named
    just now.The ones who weren't named are fine, they can pretend they don't know about it, like someone who fucked at a masquerade party, even if everyone knows who he/she is, just deny it.The speaker cursed inwardly, but he had to stand up and negotiate, because he was the one who proposed to have fun.
   ...I admit that we drank too much, but tonight's situation is a bit special, and it's too chaotic. In fact, everyone doesn't know who did what.
    He said to Lockhart.While he was talking, Lockhart took a careful look in his mind and found that he couldn't do anything to these people.These thugs were certainly frightened by themselves, but from the point of view of wizard law, the crime of teasing two Muggles in private is actually not very serious. To the extent of being in prison.As long as these people are willing, they can only presume that they drank too much, and if they make a fuss about the 
   attempt
   , it is very likely that at most they will be fined some money, which may not be as serious as the crime of dereliction of duty by the security of the Ministry of Magic.After all, in the wizarding world, 
   drinking too much
    is a common excuse, and even Americans didn't ban wizards from drinking during Prohibition.Thinking of this, Lockhart spoke again.
   Today's moonlight is very good, I don't think I'm mistaken, what do you think?
    The few people who were still at the front of the line were overjoyed.
   No mistake, but we were just coerced into the team, and we were setting off fireworks.
    They walked down the steps given by Lockhart.
   Fireworks... If you use magic fireworks...
   
   Things like fireworks should be very common on the Muggle side. Although the fireworks we set off are magical, the overall difference should not be big...Of course, this also violates some regulations. We are willing to pay the corresponding fine to the Ministry of Magic. The thugs also gave Lockhart a step down.
   Really? But it's late at night now, I suggest you go back to your tent quickly, don't cause us any more trouble, and pay the fine after dawn.
   There was still no emotion in Lockhart's voice, but he let it go anyway.-丿,—zJSeveral people wearing hoods seemed relieved:    Thank you very much, Lockhart, there shouldn't be any trouble tonight...
   However, as if to slap the hooded man in the face, a yellow signal flare suddenly rose in the 
   hotel
    camp in the distance.
   
   
Chapter 126   
   
   Lockhart's lips tightened a little - because according to the agreement between him and Moody, the signal flare meant 
   There is an unexpected situation, it is unknown whether it is dangerous or not
   .It seems that the reinforcements will not come, on the contrary, I have to go back and have a look.The hooded men here also noticed this situation, they stopped hesitating, and immediately turned their heads and retreated.
   It seems that Mr. Lockhart still has something to do, so we won't bother you. I wish you all the best!
   It’s different from when they came in menacingly? When the thugs retreated, they looked a little disheartened, and it is estimated that they will not talk about this matter for a long time. After all, it is not honorable for a large group of people to be forced to retreat by one person.And Lockhart can be sure that even if they talk, they will only exaggerate the strength of Lockhart Temple to avoid embarrassing themselves.After seeing these people disperse, Lockhart put away the ring of fire under his feet, and saw Dawlish who had come late.
   Nice job, textbook situational control... oh!
   Dawlish came forward with some embarrassment, wanting to pat Lockhart on the shoulder to show his friendliness.There were too many people on the mob side just now, he really didn't dare to shout from behind according to the original plan, announcing 
   You are surrounded by me
   Besides, he also found out that among these people there were several pure-bloods he knew,This made him even more afraid to make a move.But now that the thugs have dispersed, he naturallyWant to get back on track with Lockhart?As a result, his slap came down to nothing.His hand passed through 
   Lockhart
    as if passing through the air.He lost his balance and almost fell to the ground. Fortunately, he reacted in time and stabilized his body before he made a fool of himself.
   You are...
    He looked at Lockhart standing there in surprise.As a result, Lockhart just tapped himself lightly, and he himself appeared three meters away with a 5-swipe sound.
   Although it is necessary for us to show the toughness of the Ministry of Magic in the situation just now, how could I stand stupidly and let people focus fire?
    Lockhart smiled at him, 
   Dawlish, I believe Your spell class is better than what I learned, but there are some things you have to fight to know.
   Obviously, he just used some means to make himself look like he was standing there just now.Dawlish finally understood.If Lockhart wanted to use the illusion and confusion spells, even the Aurors would not be able to tell in the first time, and Dawlish had already learned this.Not only did Lockhart do a great job of imposing manner, but he also used the center of the fire ring to mislead the thugs.Dawlish asked himself, if he was one of those people, and if he suddenly became malicious and wanted to sneak attack, he would also attack the illusion that Lockhart revealed.Then these people will be beaten by Lockhart with a 
   difference
    that Professor Flitwick will praise unceasinglyChapter 260 Six ChangesLockhart checked the surroundings and found no remaining flames, then used magic to carry the Roberts couple back to the house, and then cast an Oblivion Curse on them.
   ...the hippies are getting louder and louder, and even set off fireworks that are easy to catch fire. It took a lot of effort for our couple to stop them, and even threatened to call the police to get these guys to stop, So I'm tired now...that's about it! Dawlish...why are you looking at me here?
   After modifying the memory of the couple, Lockhart sighed and stared at the Auror beside him, looking a little annoyed.
   What's wrong?
    Dawlish looked a little confused, 
   I'm an apprentice.
   
   Apprentices are not now.
    Lockhart had nothing to say to him, 
   I am enough to deal with the Muggles' problems alone, shouldn't you follow the gang of thugs to confirm whether they have honestly dispersed? Are you asleep?
   
   Ah!
    Dawlish suddenly realized, 
   I'll do it now.
   He immediately drew his wand and walked out.Lockhart shook his head after him.This kid, reading is stupid... He has been reduced to the point where he doesn't know what to do unless he is told how to do it.But after kicking the idiot away, Lockhart fell into another kind of sorrow.It was such a good pretentious scene just now, but no one else could see it except the gang of Death Eater reservists and Dawlish, which undoubtedly made Lockhart very sad.Considering that those Death Eaters would never take the initiative to disclose such a shameful thing, and Dawlish is from Fudge's side, so the feat he just did is tantamount to doing it to the air.If it can be spread to the outside world, his prestige value can at least increase a lot. If he becomes the Minister of Magic in the future, his approval rate will at least increase by another 5 percentage points.He even thought of the title of the promotional news - 
   In order to stick to the justice in your heart, you are willing to be a coward for the rest of your life, or a hero, even if it is only for a second, even if you are alone against the world
   It's a pity... alas...With regret in his heart, he left around the camp and prepared to rush back to the temporary hotel of the Ministry of Magic.He didn't notice at all, but not far away, someone watched the whole process of his pretending.After Lockhart left, several ladies in pajamas crept away from the window of the caravan and sat in the dining room of the car's kitchen.Because the parking lot was the closest to the camp keeper's hut, they were awakened by the alarm magic in the car when the thugs just approached, and then took out their wands together, preparing to resist possible attacks.But now that Lockhart had sorted it out, they wouldn't need to show their faces, and it probably wasn't such a good idea to be exposed in pajamas to a bunch of alcoholic men.
   I don't know what Grindelwald's magic is, but the one just now is definitely not
    Hermione whispered to Ginny and Mrs. Weasley.
   Really? Are you sure?
    Mrs. Weasley said hesitantly, 
   I've heard from the elders before, the blue Fiendfyer that almost destroyed Paris...
   
   No, that's just an ordinary flame, which has been treated constantly, but because of this, due to the lack of magic power, the temperature has also dropped. At most, it can only be put in a bottle to warm your hands. You see, even the grass Not burnt…”Even though it was midnight, Hermione seemed in high spirits.Mrs. Weasley was amazed:    It sounds like you know a lot about this magic
   Ah... yes, I happened to know.
   For some reason, Hermione blushed a little.Because that's my magic!Hermione cried out inwardly.This magic was improved by Hermione in the first year based on the principle of 
   alcohol, urn and fire
   , and apart from Lockhart, few people have heard its principle in its entirety. They either seemed impatient or dismissive.Mrs. Weasley was also in a very restless mood now, so she didn't notice Hermione's expression, and besides, she was pretty much the same now.
   It turned out that I was just scaring those cowards... It's not surprising. Those people are just drinking too much cat urine. As long as there are brave people standing in front of them, they will not dare to go one step further.
    She finally figured it out. Lockhart just now move.Although Lockhart did not use the legendary blue Fiercefire, this does not prevent Mrs. Weasley and Hermione from having a glorious image of Lockhart in their hearts. After all, Gryffindor-style bravery and Ravenclaw-style Their wisdom does not conflict, and it can even be said to complement each other.When something like 
   Nuyu
    that should only exist in the clouds descends to earth, few can continue to remain sacred. After entering the Ministry of Magic and becoming a colleague of Mr. Weasley, Lockhart is undoubtedly more real than the image in the book, but But also more lively.Ginny lacked the influence of Lockhart's pile of expensive books, so although she also thought it was cool to see a person holding a wand to control a group of people, and Lockhart's teaching level seemed to be very high, but she She faintly felt that Harry Potter was more in line with the image of the savior in her mind.Don't ask why, it's the filter effect.Mrs. Weasley sighed in her heart, whether her two worrying sons were stubbornHow bad was it that they didn't get an excellent Defense Against the Dark Arts, and Hermione and Ginny started chattering about what happened just now.After such a scene, they really couldn't fall asleep.Seeing that both girls looked sleepless and in high spirits, Mrs. Weasley had to intervene.She touched her daughter's hair, 
   Okay, go back to sleep quickly, staying up late is not good for your health, or...do you want a cup of hot milk before going to bed? There is a big box of that Muggle thing called 
   refrigerator
    . 
   
   Okay, Mom.
   Ginny has always looked very well-behaved in front of Mrs. Weasley, but when she and Hermione were lying on the bed in the back room, the two sleepless girls started chatting privately again-this is the most important thing in Gryffindor. They couldn't do it in college.After the riot subsided, the Weasley family men, Sirius, Harry and others belatedly, finally rushed to the parking lot next to the camp to check the situation.After learning that Mrs. Weasley and the three of them were fine, they were relieved-who knows if those Death Eater purebloods will harm others.Mrs. Weasley also took the opportunity to ask the question in her heart:    Arthur, I just saw warning fireworks over the Ministry of Magic officials, what happened?Mr. Weasley yawned:    It's not a big deal, I just heard from them that the people from the Bulgarian International Department told the guards that they wanted to see someone, and they went out secretly by themselves. Now they can't be contacted, and the owls can't track them.
    Arrive... I guess I went to the nightclub in Knockturn Alley, right?
   Chapter 260 The Shadow of the Seventh UpgradeIn the makeshift protection camp set up by the Ministry of Magic, Moody was having a fit of rage.
   Which bastard let him out?
   He had a cold face, and there was anger in his tone that was chilling even though he tried his best to suppress it.Although old Moody had retired long ago, when he started swearing, these genuine Aurors could only be scolded obediently and dared not speak back.— On the one hand, it is because Moody is old, and on the other hand, they are really doing something wrong.The few Aurors guarding the door were a little embarrassed, and then they all focused on one person.
   
   Williamson! Moody's magic eyes fixed on the young Auror. 
   What did that guy say before he went out?
    
   
   He said that it's not his first time in England, so he wants to go to the bar for fun...
    Williamson quickly explained, 
   They are distinguished guests after all.
   
   Then why didn't you send someone to follow?
    Moody asked pressing forward.Williamson's expression became more cramped.
   This... some places are really difficult for us to follow, and the distinguished guests don't like to be surrounded by people when they are doing something. Before he entered the camp, he bought a few clean sheep intestines, so I...
   Of course, Moody knew exactly what the washed intestines were.In fact, because he couldn't find a partner, he used this thing in the bar room several times when he was young.But the crux of the problem now is not here.
   So you just decided to turn a blind eye and turn a blind eye.
    Moody said with a look of hatred.He said in a weak tone, 
   ...well, who gave him the authority to 0Williamson glanced at Fu, who had hurried out of the tent with his nightcap on his head.Samurai1 17 =When you want to speak, you stop, and when you stop talking, you want to.How could Moody not understand after seeing him like this.
   Forget it, you don't need to talk about it.
    He took out his wand, 
   Two people came to look for it with me, and I couldn't even find the tracking spell. He was obviously blocked, and I don't know what he was planning... oh, Gilderoy, you're back.
   With the help of the firelight, Lockhart looked around at the dejected colleagues around him, and found that something was wrong with the atmosphere.
   It should be settled on my side. Did something happen here during my absence?
    he asked.
   Signal first!
    said Moody in a gruff voice. 
   Dobby Bludger.
   
   Break Harry's head.
    Lockhart answered immediately.Moody nodded slightly, confirming Lockhart's identity—the password was correct, if it was an outsider, he would definitely not know the connection between these two things.
   When we woke people up, the Bulgarian International Director wasn't in the hotel tent,
    he told Lockhart, who had told our people to go to the pub to hang out, and then they were nowhere to be found. 
   
   Not there?
    Lockhart was also taken aback, 
   Can't find the tracking spell?
   
   Yes, that's the problem. I couldn't find the tracking spell. The bartender and some people at the bar said that they had indeed seen him, but they said they didn't know when he left.
    Moody said with a gloomy face. There was news that alarmed Lockhart.
   Wait a minute...
    Fudge interrupted suddenly, nightcap still on his head, 
   I don't think it's a big deal, do you? He's out to have some fun, and he put a shielding spell on him for fear we'd find out and embarrass him...
   Moody snorted, apparently too lazy to explain to Fudge.Lockhart had to take over the job:    But they have to leave the next day with the recharged Portkey, so even if he finds someone nice in the bar, he can't go to someone else. He spent the night there, not to mention that he had no need to spend time in England, and he didn’t even tell his deputy or the director of the sports department.” Han Jin thought he lied to us?But...they are guests, so it's okay to give them some free space, right?And what can he do? ’ Fudge was puzzled.Lockhart decided not to answer the question at all.He turned to Moody, and began to ask his main concern:    Alastor, are you sure that's really the Director of Bulgaria himself?
   Moody immediately understood what he meant:    Absolutely sure, at least until I escorted the guests into this camp, my magic eye didn't see any traces, and he didn't drink anything during the game. 
   For some reason, Lockhart suddenly remembered the quarrel he had overheard outside the toilet door.
   What about the camp? Has anyone seen him in the camp?
    Lockhart hurriedly continued to askMoody turned his gaze to Kingsley Shacklebolt, who shook his head at him.
   In other words, no one has seen him in the camp...
    Lockhart thought for a while, 
   Why don't we ask tent by tent, maybe when we find him, he is sleeping with a certain lady in a tent and said indefinite.
   Moody thought for a moment, then nodded:    It seems that's the only way to go.
   Working in the Ministry of Magic is a bad thing. It is very busy when you are free, but it is also very busy when you are busy. Even if Lockhart hasn't had a good night's sleep for several nights in a row, now he still has to accompany other people. Together, tent by tent were searched.This work did not go very well, because after the World Cup everyoneIt was very lively for a while, and most of them were asleep at this time, and many of them were still drinking, so it became an extremely difficult task to wake up these wizards.Because Lockhart can speak Bulgarian, he was responsible for checking the most important Bulgarian fan area. He had to speak half-baked Bulgarian and asked tent after tent.People who were woken up in the middle of the night were certainly not in a good mood, even if it was Gilderoy Lockhart who woke them up.They basically got up from the tent cursing and sent him away with a 
   greeting
    from Bulgaria.Although Lockhart is also full of anger, he still has to keep smiling, so angry.When he dodged a candlestick flying out from the entrance of the tent and left in front of the No. 20 tents he was in charge of checking, a red magic light bullet suddenly rose from the corner of the camp, so he immediately rushed to The location where the signal flare came out.After he landed, he found that the person who sent out the signal flare was Dawlish who had just returned to the camp, and he was in the camp where the pure-blood family set up tents.
   
   
Chapter 127   
   
   Seeing everyone rushing over, Dawlish pointed to the tent in front of him with horror on his face.
   Right there...he's dead! Dead!
   All the Aurors were shocked when they heard the words, but Kingsley Shacklebolt opened the curtain of the tent first, and then stayed at the door.Lockhart followed his colleagues and followed Kingsley's gaze. As a result, he saw a corpse there.And the owner of that corpse was the director of the International Department of Bulgaria.Chapter 260 TrackingThe moment they saw the corpse, no matter whether it was Lockhart, the Aurors or the staff of the Ministry of Magic from other departments, they gasped.It's not that they haven't seen the corpse, and it's not that they are afraid, but they all know what consequences this corpse will bring to the British Ministry of Magic.A foreign dignitary was killed in the UK, and he was still a person in power in their country.” Even without thinking about it, they know what kind of political storm they are about to faceFudge sat down on the ground in fright when he heard about this incident. He was at least 80% responsible for this incident, because he was the one who let the Auror at the door let people out.
   I need to talk to the Bulgarians... It was a total accident... Yes, an accident... Also, how the hell do you do your security? Why do you let killers in the camp?
   Probably because he knew what he was about to face, Fudge seemed a little hystericalBut Lockhart didn't have time to pay attention to the ball kicked by this person now. Scrimgeour and the others had to do this kind of wrangling. He wanted to work with Moody to solve this new trouble.The criterion for distinguishing whether a politician is still 
   seeing the past
    is to see whether his first reaction after the incident is to solve the problem, or to shirk responsibility first. Fudge is obviously the latterIn line with the style of 
   practical cadres
   , Lockhart still retains the basic habits of a small civil servant, and settles the matter first.Because he knew that if the situation could not be controlled, he would be pushed out to take the blame.How 0 how did he die? 
    Lockhart asked his colleagues who went forward to checkThe person in charge of examining the corpse stepped aside and sighed.
   See for yourself, it's obvious.
   Several people including Lockhart and Moody surrounded the past and began to examine the corpse.The facial expression of the corpse owner was terrified, and his eyes were wide open, but there were no traces of struggle on his body.
   I can't run away, a simple and direct killing curse.
    Moody said firmly, a I have seen at least 100 killing curse victims in my life, and I didn't expect to see them again after so many years of retirement. 
   Kingsley also flipped through the clothes on the deceased, and told Moody what he found:    Although he smelled of alcohol, it wasn't heavy, so it wasn't a fight after drinking, and all the valuables on him were For example, the purse, pocket watch and wand are all gone... Dawlish, have you moved this way before?
   Dawlish was taken aback for a moment, then blushed.
   No! I'm an Auror! Not a petty thief!
    he yelled at Kingsley.Only then did Kingsley realize that his words had caused others to misunderstand:    I'm sorry, I didn't mean that? Dawlish...I mean 7. How did you find him and find out that he was dead?
   
   I called Flynn Temple's name outside this tent for a long time, but he didn't come out to answer, so I came in, and then I saw this person lying motionless on the blanket...
   Lockhart suddenly felt that he had discovered something:    Is this Flint's tent?
   That's right.
    Dawlish pointed to the outside of the tent, 
   His family's logo is printed on the door.Heraldry, I'm not mistaken.
   So what about Flint?
    Lockhart stood up abruptly, 
   I think he came to the box to watch the game.
   The wizards onlookers confirmed Lockhart's statement
   I'm still wondering, originally he said he didn't want to come, but today he told mei changed my mindLooking at the onlooker wizard, Lockhart always felt as if he had heard his voice not long ago.He asked the onlooker wizard bluntly:    Did Flint follow you when you went to persecute Muggles together just now?
   
   I
   didn't' persecute Muggles, and Flint
   didn't' think about doing it,
    the pureblood wizard corrected Lockhart seriously.Lockhart didn't bother to talk to him:    I mean, when you went to set off the fireworks together, did he follow?
   
   Uh...
    The wizard recalled vigorously, 
   It seems that there is no... But I don't remember clearly, you know, people are very complicated...
   Oops!After hearing the words, Lockhart quickly returned to the corpse, then squatted down under the strange eyes of the rest of the Aurors, and then tore off the wizard hat from the corpse's head.Under the hat, the head of foreign guests' hair was well-groomed as always, but a small piece of hair above the left sideburn was bald.Lockhart murmured that something was wrong, and then quickly ran to his colleagues in the Transport Department of the Ministry of Magic
   Mrs. Eckmore!
    he cried, 
   where is our Portkey to Bulgaria?
   Mrs. Eckmore didn't know why, but she still lowered her head and glanced at the register.Answered Lockhart's words.
   Over there...Mount No. [-], there is a big tree tied with a red ribbon on the mountainside over there, and there is an old kettle lid in the tree hole. That is the key to Bulgaria, A
   As she spoke, she pointed to Lockhart.
   Who else knows about this besides your traffic department?
    Lockhart asked again.Apart from our transportation department, only the Bulgarians know about it, and they have been notified in advance. ’ answered Mrs. Eckmore honestly.
   Thank you.
   Lockhart didn't hesitate anymore, and rushed to his colleagues in the Auror's office.Mang Kelastuo, please continue to help watch the camp, your legs and feet should not be able to keep up.Rufus, lend me two, we're going to look at the Portkeys in Bulgaria, I've got a bunch of translators, you know. 
   Scrimgeour looked at him suspiciously:    Why? Our current manpower is tight
   I suspect the murderer wanted to escape to Bulgaria.
    Lockhart told him. 
   After all... Bulgaria is not far from Albania.
   Scrimgeour became even more confused:    What does this have to do with Albania?What do you want to say? 
   If he really had to explain everything to him, Lockhart felt that he might have to explain for hours, but unfortunately he had no time.
   In short, lend me two first, and I'll explain when I get back.
    He said hastily, 
   In short, the purpose of the murderer should be the key to the port leading to Bulgaria.
   Scrimgeour stared at Lockhart for a while, then turned his head again, glanced at Fudge who was still reprimanding the guard at the door, and finally nodded.
   Baohu Kingsley!
   
   Yes!
    The two stood up.
   You two follow Director Lockhart and go up to Mount No. [-] to have a look!
   
   Ok!
   Then Scrimgeour turned to Lockhart again:    Need a broomstick? I have two left.
   
   Thanks, but the flying target is too big.
   Lockhart declined Scrimgeour, and then called Kingsley Shacklebolt and Bob Ogden to come over.
   Use a tracking spell on me later, so that I won't get separated... okay? The group is invisible!
    He took out his wand and drew a silver circular pattern above his head.Silver sparkles descended one after another as if leaking from the air cut through the circumference, enveloping Lockhart and the three of them, and then the three disappeared into the airChapter 260 IX Death Eater's DeclarationIf Lockhart was only suspicious before, then when he took the two Aurors up the mountain, he no longer doubted the truth of the matter.And not only him, but even Kingsley and Bob found out.A dark green Dark Mark was generously painted on the tree used to mark the Portkey, full of ominous meaning.Bob Ogden wanted to go up to check the situation, but was held back by Lockhart
   Be careful, Bob, whoever did this is probably still around, or even booby-trapped.
   Ogden felt that it made sense when he heard the words, so he didn't go any further.The three of them first searched around the tree, and only after they found no trace of other people/
   cautiously approached the marked tree.The portkey in the tree hole has long since disappeared, replaced by a letter written in red ink.After confirming again and again that there was no mechanism, Lockhart frowned and took out the letter.This letter gave him a very bad feeling, as soon as he opened it, there was a smell of blood. Lockhart suspected that the message was written by that person with blood.As expected, the person who wrote this letter was Barty Crouch Jr.
   By the time you read this letter, I should already be in Europe, you belated fools!During the hibernating days of the frog snake, a group of rats occupied the burrow and made the place stink.You call the Great Temporary Departure 'Victory' and this stench of corruption 'Peace'.Compared with more than ten years ago, everything has not made any progress, but has become more decadent and depraved.But it will all be over soon, scumbags!The Dark Lord's most loyal servant is about to return to his command and he is about to make a comeback, enjoy your last days to the fullest, for it is running out.To the former servants of the Dark Lord: You are not loyal, but if there is still a trace of guilt and remorse in your dirty hearts, then hurry up and prepare the crown for my king's enthronement, when he returns like lightning, You will repay the devil's tolerance to you with bones and blood.To the arrogant villain: I could have killed you in your braggadocio and put an end to your ridiculous little trick, but I liked your remark that without a master, those scumbags do Like a group of sheep that have lost their heads, a skeleton that has lost its backbone.So I have mercifully decided to save your life until I return.To my hopeless father: If you think that I keep your life because of the love of father and son, then I advise you to dispel this unrealistic delusion as soon as possible.The reason why I keep it is because your death is far from enough to quell one ten thousandth of my hatred for you.And before I come back, please take care of your body, because if you don't have a good body, you may not be able to enjoy the tricks I customized for you, and your days are still long!Barty Crouch   After reading this letter full of malice and curses, Lockhart and his two colleagues felt a little uncomfortable.
   That guy is simply a lunatic!
    Ogden's hands were shaking, 
   He acted so recklessly...
   It's no wonder he was so angry, because Crouch Jr.'s behavior was obviously provocative.provocative.He killed the distinguished foreign guests of the Ministry of Magic, and then escaped with the Ministry of Magic's Portkey in front of everyone in the Ministry of Magic. This is tantamount to slapping the Ministry of Magic directly.
   But... how did this guy do it?
    Kingsley was puzzled, 
   When did he stab? How did he escape from the camp?
   Lockhart sighed:    It should be Polyjuice Potion, I just found that our guest's hair is missing a piece, probably Crouch Jr. made Polyjuice Potion from his hairThis guy pretended to be a person who came to watch the game, and then tried to get the director of the Bulgarian International Department out. After asking about the location of the door key, he took the opportunity to kill him, and then he used polyjuice potion to pretend to be ours. guests, and hang out with the gang at the bar. 
   Kingsley was so surprised that he couldn't speak:    If you say that, he did all this under our noses?
   
   I'm afraid so,
    said Lockhart dryly.Lockhart had reason to be so skeptical—because if he hadn't been among the hooded thugs, Crouch Jr. would never have heard himself say 
   a flock of sheep without a head, a skeleton without a backbone
    In this sentence, the 
   arrogant villain
    in the letter was obviously talking about himself.In other words, when he was showing his prestige to the mob, that guy Crouch was mingling with the crowd, staring at him bleakly?Lockhart couldn't help but clenched his fists.Very well, bold bastard, you win this game!There are still many things he doesn't know about this matter, such as the relationship between Crouch Jr. and the Bulgarian International Director, how he got the compound soup ingredients, and why the Director died in Flynn In Te's tent.
   Come on!
    said Lockhart to Kingsley. 
   Let's take these things back and... investigate the whole thing.
   Lockhart originally thought that after such a big incident, there would be an uproar in the British wizarding world, but he underestimated Fudge's ability to control the media.The 
   Daily Prophet
    reported the death of the Bulgarian foreign minister in just a few sentences, and these few sentences also specifically marked that he 
   ignored the dissuasion of the security personnel and insisted on going to the bar for entertainment
   . Died unexpectedly.Letters of protest from the Bulgarian side snowflaked to Lockhart's Office of International Cooperation, making Lockhart terribly annoyed.Even if he has no responsibility in this matter, it can even be said that he played quite well.But as a whole, he still needs to bear the blame for the 
   poor security
    of the British Ministry of Magic.Probably knowing Lockhart's grievances, Fudge took the initiative to let go of his body on a rare occasion.While trying to downplay the death of the foreign dignitary, he promoted Lockhart as the hero of the fan riots on World Cup night.
   
   
Chapter 128   
   
   In order to protect completely unrelated Muggles, a wizard alone stood in front of dozens of drunk 
   Quidditch rogues
   , this behavior is considered heroic even in Gryffindor.Lockhart understood that on the one hand, this was to divert the public's attention, and on the other hand, Fudge wanted to appease his own dissatisfaction, and bought Lion Pie to shut up.And the Big Five Tournament, which had been being organized before, also became Fudge's life-saving straw at this time.He made an impassioned speech at the Ministry of Magic's internal caliber unification meeting, asking the staff of the Ministry of Magic to work together to overcome the difficulties:   ...What we need most now is stability. If foreigners are allowed to make an attack on this matter, the safety of the Five Powers Tournament that we have prepared for a long time will also be questioned by others. In that case, it will be difficult to say whether it can be held smoothly.
   Although I hate Fudge's pretext, his statement really hit everyone's deathbed.If the Tournament, which has been publicized for more than half a year, is cancelled, then Lockhart's transformation of Hogsmeade, the investment of sponsors, and the preparations made by the entire British wizarding world will be in vain. The loss is unbearable for all.So in the end, everyone had to acquiesce to Fudge's coercion, and conditionally joined hands to minimize the impact of this matter.As for international disputes, Fudge has no way to deal with the anger of the Bulgarians: Lockhart does not have many channels to deal with such diplomatic incidents, so in the end this matter can only rely on Dumbledore.After Dumbledore listened to Lockhart's report, he simply stated that this matter should be settled by him.In Bulgaria, as one of the front lines against Grindelwald, almost everyone had a blood feud with the voodoo party. They have always been very sensitive to such matters, and Krum himself is a clear proof.So after Dumbledore was invited to go out, he first found his allies in Bulgaria, and explained in detail the relationship between the Death Eaters and the Witch Party with these old friends.Although the Bulgarians despised Fudge and made up their minds to use this matter to get a fortune from the British, they still wanted to show some face to Dumbledore who came to the door.So on the last day before school started, the Bulgarians finally agreed not to spread the matter, and would send diplomatic notes to Greece, Albania and other countries to arrest Barty Crouch Jr. throughout the Balkan Peninsula.Lockhart felt that they would not be able to catch that guy Crouch, let alone Voldemort who was hiding in Albania, but it was better than nothing, at leastcan unify the positionChapter 270Although these diplomatic messes were complicated, to be honest, Lockhart didn't spend much energy on them.What he is most concerned about now is the reform he will carry out to the wizarding world, and the second is to prepare for Voldemort's comeback. Even the Five Powers Tournament has a higher status in his heart than wrangling with others.Therefore, the seizure of power that Fudge was worried about did not happen at all, and when he tentatively expressed the hope that Lockhart could follow the previous agreement to support him in the newspaper, Lockhart also agreed to him.   Believe it or not, I think what the Ministry needs most right now is stability,
    Lockhart promised Fudge.Thanks to many publicity campaigns, Lockhart's reputation in the British wizarding world is at least well-known, even if it can't be said to be at the top of the sky. He even launched a survey on 
   Dumbledore's successor in your mind
    in 
   Witch Weekly
    Among them, the people who voted for Lockhart accounted for 76.6% of the total. With Lockhart's vocal support, Fudge will be much better in a short time.It doesn't matter if it is clear that this will increase Fudge's suspicion of Lockhart. Anyway, Lockhart estimates that this guy's term of office will not exceed two years.Of course, apart from the news about Crouch Jr., the rest is not all good news.For example, Gemma Farley, she sent a bad news for Lockhart - the pure-blood family is somewhat 
   dissatisfied
    with Lockhart's performanceThe reason why they made such a statement was of course because Lockhart protected the Muggle family after the World Cup.Paar really shouldn't be involved. 
   Gemma's tone carried a hint of embarrassment.blame.Although it is unreasonable to say so, she has a position to complain, because after this incident, her parents' discussion of her marriage with Lockhart will be put on hold for a while, and she has said a lot of good things for Lockhart before. .Although those who participated in the riots did not include mature and prudent people like Mr. Farley, but in the eyes of the upper echelons, the left and right were just two ordinary Muggles. This was not a matter of right and wrong, but a matter of position.Since Lockhart can protect a family of Muggles from having fun with the poor purebloods today, maybe he can give up the blood drawing policy of pureblood families tomorrow for the benefit of Muggles. right thing.In other words, they felt that Lockhart had failed to recognize his position.As for the riot itself, they have nothing to say. After all, who participated in the riot and who did not participate, everyone is clear about it, and the participants even include Malfoy, so there is still Du Shao who did not participate. Woolen cloth?Only Lockhart himself is very clear that his position and principles have always been firm - it's just that those people have not been able to see it.If Gemma wants to complain, let her complain. People always have to gradually clarify their position in the process of constantly experiencing things in the world.He only hoped that when everything was over, it would be the best if he could 
   break through all difficulties
   . If not, Lockhart also hoped that they could still sit down and have a cup of tea together.Based on this consideration, Lockhart felt that it was not a bad thing that Gemma was forced to keep a little distance from him now.Hogwarts ushered in Harry Potter's fourth school year in such uneasiness, and when the school started and Sirius decided to travel abroad again, the Ministry of Magic's investigation into the vicious World Cup event was finally completed up.When the Ministry of Magic found the Flint family with the evidence, they immediately told the Aurors that they had absolutely nothing to do with them.They claimed that the tent was set up by his family in the owl training base next to the forest, but it was stolen a few days ago, and August is the critical period for owl training, everyone in Flint’s family is very busy, there is no I don't have time to watch the World Cup.The people from the Department of Magical Law Enforcement also confirmed their statement - just half a month ago, the Flynn Temple family reported that one of their tents had been stolen.In addition, because it involved the remnants of Grindelwald, the Bulgarians also investigated the director, and they found a letter in the deceased's home.In that letter, the person who wrote the letter claimed to be an 
   insider
    of the British Sports Department, who specialized in gambling business, but a few days ago because the director Ludo Bagman was involved in gambling, the rest of them The crowd has no leader and may be laid off at any time, so everyone is trying to find a way to make a fortune.The writer said that he was the same. He deliberately contacted Bulgaria through the 
   diplomatic channel
    left by his father and asked him if he would like to make a bet.If Bulgaria wins in the end, they will take 30% of the commission, and if they do not win, they will pay him the full amount.The Bulgarians did not know whether the letter was related to the killing of their chief, so they sent it to the British, asking them to continue their investigation.After seeing the letter, Lockhart immediately went to goblin Gonuk.Gornuk confessed to Lockhart that Bulgaria's director of international cooperation had indeed bet a large sum of money on him on the eve of the match, betting 15 times that Bulgaria would win and that Klum would catch the Snitch.At this point, the whole truth finally came to light one by one.Based on his familiarity with pure-blood families and the communication channels of the Department of International Affairs, Barty Crouch Jr. first contacted the Director of International Affairs in Bulgaria and asked him if he would like to make a small fortune through gambling.Lockhart guessed that the director would not be able to agree so simply, heIt should be that he secretly learned about the situation in the UK, and wanted to confirm whether these were in line with what Crouch Jr. said.However, Crouch Jr. will not show his flaws in this kind of place, because he only needs to pay more attention to the situation before fleeing, and he can learn about recent events in the Ministry of Magic from his father's official documents and letters.Little Crouch used the special channel of the International Department to send letters, and all he said was the inside story of the British Ministry of Magic. He even said that Ludo Bagman was 
   resigned
    because of gambling. It was so clear that Bulgaria's international director couldn't help but not believe it.Therefore, it is inevitable that the international director of Bulgaria will be fooled in the end. Barty Crouch Jr. must know that the Flint family will not be able to come out in August, so he stole a tent from his family in advance, and then People pretending to be his family came to the Quidditch World Cup site and watched the game with others.Of course, no matter how powerful Crouch Jr. was, it was impossible for him to engage in any 
   secret operations
   , so after the results came out, Ireland won the world championship—everything was just as he expected.And after Bulgaria lost, the director naturally wanted to ask Crouch Jr. for an explanation. 5 Crouch Jr. only needed to ask the director out in the name of 
   I'll pay you the money
   .Even if the Bulgarian wins, it doesn't matter, Barty Jr. can still come to him with the reason of 
   commission
   .The rest is simple—whether it's a threat or Legilimency, little Crouch got the location of the Portkey to Bulgaria from the director, and then killed him with a Killing Curse cleanly. over him.Bulgaria is not far from Albania. If Lockhart guessed correctly, Crouch Jr. may have appeared beside Voldemort by now, licking his shoes.Chapter 270 PersuasionAfter listening to Lockhart's full report on the Quidditch World Cup and his conjectures, Dumbledore didn't have any shocks on his face. Instead, as Lockhart imagined, he just said flatly, 
   I see.
    
   Although it was really hard to imagine that Dumbledore would show panic, but when Lockhart saw him so calm, for some reason, he always felt that Dumbledore seemed a little impatient.Of course, Dumbledore's confidence lies in his strength. Even if Voldemort in his heyday suddenly appeared in front of him, he would still be able to punish this former disciple to face the wall and go to jailDumbledore believes in prophecy, so in the past ten years, he has been 
   waiting
    attitude, waiting for Voldemort's comeback.Even because Voldemort has never been resurrected, Dumbledore couldn't hold back, and took the initiative to release the news of the Philosopher's Stone, sitting and watching Professor Quirrell 
   bring over
    Voldemort, just to see his good student again, and he didn't know Voldemort Are you moved?As Barty Crouch Jr. fled to Bulgaria, Dumbledore knew without thinking that Voldemort's resurrection was officially on the agenda, and he would soon be able to see the green body of this guy again after his rebirth.Thinking about it carefully, I was a little excited.While Lockhart was thinking wildly, Dumbledore slowly spoke.
   Little Crouch is a dangerous enemy, Gilderoy.Although you have mentioned to me the difficulty of this man, I find that I still underestimate him.In this incident, I saw a man who was cruel and knew how to use his emotionsThe guy who gave him the perfect combination of ferocity and cunning, and at the same time was very mobile...
   Having said that, Dumbledore sighed.When Crouch Jr. was tried back then, even he thought that the young guy had just gone astray, and Barty Crouch Sr. was just trying to save face, and he was sent to Azkaban.But now it seems that although the old Crouch did a little too much without knowing it, but the little Crouch definitely deserved what he deserved.Even though he has been in prison for many years, most of Crouch's crimes are still unpaid, let alone new debts.Lockhart agreed with the headmaster's judgment:    I think so too, the combination of brutality and ignorance is nothing more than a minor nuisance, but for capable villains we usually call it a 'disaster'
   Hearing what he said, Dumbledore suddenly remembered what Lockhart had said about Barty Jr., so he asked one more question.
   Gidero, although I may be in a daze, I am sure I have a fairly good understanding of Voldemort's thoughts and habits, so I know exactly what he will do.But for Barty Crouch Jr. -- to be honest, I don't know how he's going to act. Would you like to analyze from a politician's point of view why he did what he did and what he's going to do next? 
   
   You mean that little Crouch could have left quietly, but in the end he chose such a high-profile way?
    Lockhart asked back.
   Yes, I thought he would try to keep a low profile as much as possible before resurrecting the Dark Lord, but he chose to do so, which makes no sense, as it would undoubtedly put the Ministry on the alert.
   Lockhart smiled:    I see, it seems that the way of thinking does determine a person's behavior... Although it is unwise for Crouch Jr. to do so in terms of the secrecy of his actions, but from a political point of view, he Undoubtedly a good move...
   Dumbledore sat up straight, waiting for Lockhart to continue.Regardless of what others say about the Dark Lord, in the eyes of us politicians, he is more an emotional 
   vent hole
    for the wizarding world than a 
   regime
   . If we must characterize it, the Death Eater is more like a 
   Terrorist organizations' not 
   administrative groups'
   Having said that, Lockhart looked up at Dumbledore, as if trying to see if he could understand what he meant.
   I understand.
    Dumbledore said knowingly, as if you can't expect a person who has never seen an elephant to draw an elephant. Even a pure-blood family has no training and does not know how to govern. 
   
   So, as long as Voldemort is going to have actual control over that power, he's going to need someone to back him up, and not just simple minded people.
   
   Correct.
   
   Then, Voldemort's most loyal servant, Barty Crouch Jr., naturally has to plan ahead, paving the way for his master's return.
   Lockhart explained roughly, and kept observing Dumbledore's reaction, and Dumbledore was worthy of his exquisite heart, and the speed of understanding made Lockhart feel that he could say more.
   There's no question that there's a lot of dissatisfaction with the status quo in the wizarding world these days, and they need someone to lead them and attack what they see as 'old' rules, but they're not sure who that person is, and they're not Bird is willing to fill this role. 
   
   Just like the thugs you stopped.
    Dumbledore once again understood his words at the speed of light, 
   No one will take responsibility for this.
   
   Those who are willing to take responsibility are now inside Azkaban.
    Lockhart reminded the headmaster, 
   The people who stay outside are 100% rats.
   Having said that, Dumbledore finally understood what Barty Jr. did
   So, he hopes to use this way of blatantly challenging the Ministry of Magic to announce to all the fools that 
   Death Eaters still have the power to act
    and dare to fight against the Ministry of Magic? 
   Lockhart didn't say anything dead:    I guess that's the case. Little Crouch hopes that these fools will bet on both sides as soon as possible, and will spontaneously slow down the pace of the Ministry of Magic to gain time and development for his reborn master. resource.
   
   Will someone be willing to provide it?
    Dumbledore was very concerned about this.
   Definitely.
    Lockhart reassured very simply, 
   For these big families, being able to use some 
   external possessions
    to ensure the safety of the family is not an unreasonable decision for them.Even if they bet on both ends, they have enough resources in their hands. 
   This is like the terrorists in the Muggle world. Immediately after the riots, a bunch of inexplicable organizations will jump out and take this responsibility.You ask why they are so high-profile?Nonsense, of course they have to make a high profile, otherwise how can those bigwigs donate money to people who are so useless that they can't even go around Scotland Yard to carry out two terrorist attacks?Those bigwigs in the financial market hate world peace very much.How can they make money and harvest leeks without major events bringing volatility to the financial market?Is it possible to rely on the dividends and dividends to eat in peace?Of course, only when there is a panic or something can there be investment opportunities.If there is really no terrorist activity, then it would be fine to have an Afghan crisis, a Syrian crisis, or a Ukrainian crisis.Barty Crouch Jr. launched a standard terrorist attack, and it was the kind that was big enough to go abroad. This is undoubtedly trying to announce something to the wizarding world. He is afraid that the Ministry of Magic will replace the He is 
   advertising
   .Facing Dumbledore, Lockhart directly stated his conclusion:    ...That is to say, from a political point of view, the best countermeasure for the Ministry of Magic at present is to continue to pretend to be deaf and dumb, and to reduce the impact of this matter to the outside world. Shrunk down a little, and then dispatched an elite force to go deep into theIntensively and comprehensively strangled Voldemort's power in its infancy. 
   According to Lockhart's understanding, the Ministry of Magic in the original book really wanted to do this in the end, but they didn't have elite troops on hand.Dumbledore was a little unhappy about what Lockhart said.
   Why not just say 'he's coming back'?Wouldn't it be better to wake up the wizarding world from top to bottom earlier? 
   After hearing Dumbledore's countermeasures, Lockhart felt a little tired.Of course, if it is just to fight against the dark forces, Dumbledore's strategy is undoubtedly the best solution.But the problem is that political issues are never a purely technical issue, let alone a math problem. There is only one definite result for a problem.Although the situation is quite different from the original book, Dumbledore and the Ministry of Magic are still arranging their affairs according to their own logic, so sooner or later there will be conflicts between the two sides.
   Because there are not only good people and Death Eaters in this world.
    Lockhart could only persuade him first.Chapter 270 It's time to join the WTOThere is no doubt that everyone has their own mission, and Harry Potter's mission is to physically destroy Voldemort, so he only has to think about these.But Dumbledore can't, because in addition to being a master of magic, he is also a politician, so he has to think about how to kill Voldemort politically.Although the effect of what he has done in the past ten years cannot be considered good.Although Dumbledore didn't say so, the escape of Barty Crouch Jr. did give him a sense of urgency.If it was in the past, maybe he could continue to look for Voldemort's Horcrux leisurely, but not now.Because he wasn't sure whether Voldemort would check what he left behind immediately after his resurrection, even if he didn't check, he would learn about the situation from Malfoy and Bella when he regrouped the Death Eaters.Dumbledore would never take chances on such trivial matters.Although he has already guessed that Voldemort will make 6 Horcruxes, and it is obvious that 2 of them have been destroyed, Dumbledore is still not sure what the remaining [-] are.
   
   
Chapter 129   
   
   But he can try to guess—in the gold cup and locket left by Mrs. Smith, he has found the gold cup and confirmed it as a Horcrux, so the locket is unlikely to escape Voldemort's clutches.In addition, from the point of view that Voldemort is keen to collect the relics of the founder of the academy, the relics of Ravenclaw and Gryffindor may not escape Voldemort's hunting range, even though Gryffindor's sword is in his hands, But Gryffindor isn't just one relic.There are too many clues, but Dumbledore is too busy, he is not at easeLeave it to someone else, so it's hard for him to find time for politics in the future
   Gidero, I sincerely hope that you can play a bigger role in this matter.
    Dumbledore made up his mind and prepared to delegate power.Lockhart also behaved very simply, without even a bit of hesitation.
   What do you want me to do?
    he asked.
   As much as possible, unify the consensus within the Ministry of Magic, and find companions who believe that Voldemort is about to return. And I hope you can spare some energy to monitor those who used to be Death Eaters. If they make any moves, I hope you can Know in advance
   No problem, I've always done that,
    said Lockhart, 
   Any more
   temporarily unavailable.
   To be honest, Dumbledore's ability to think of these has exceeded Lockhart's expectations, and he didn't let Lockhart immediately spread the news that Voldemort is coming back, which already shows that he has thought about the essential problems of the Ministry of Magic system, which is better than 
   the original 
   It's much stronger.But in Lockhart's view, this is far from enough.
   About the Big Five Tournament, do you have any new ideas about it?
    Lockhart asked tentatively.Dumbledore shook his head lightly:    I'm going to hand over this matter to Minerva and Alastor. Considering that Voldemort is about to return, most of my energy this year will be on tracking down the mystery of his eternal life.
    .”Dumbledore kept an eye out and didn't tell Lockhart directly about the Horcrux. This is not a question of trustworthiness, but he has long been used to not putting all his eggs in the same basket.Seeing that he didn't say anything, Lockhart had no choice but to keep the Ravenclaw crown on his own.I kept it a secret, and waited for when he would inform himself, and when he would take it out.
   Mr. Moody? He's going to be Defense Against the Dark Arts professor this year?
    He feigned interest.Dumbledore affirmed his 
   guess
   : Damn, judging from the security work of the World Cup, his ability is still quite good.And the teaching work already has an outline, he just needs to improve the students' practical ability... By the way, how is Remus doing recently?    
   He's doing well, and he's also very busy. He didn't even come to the World Cup.
    Lockhart replied, and Wu also said that he had to help the wizard tribe over there with their work problems...it was a big job. 
   Regardless of Nigeria's lack of international presence, Nigeria has a population of 2 million people, more than the Japanese. Lupine's job is not as simple as it seems on the surface.But since Dumbledore changed the subject, that is to say, he was not going to discuss school issues with Lockhart.Lockhart wisely changed to another place:    In addition, I invited the Muggle Prime Minister to participate in the opening ceremony of the Tournament. I hope the school will arrange it at that time. In the process of fighting Voldemort, we may also need some small Muggle friends.
    Little aid.
   
   Aid from Muggles?
    Dumbledore raised his eyebrows. 
   You should know that the Statute of Secrecy prohibits Muggles from participating in the internal affairs of wizards.
   Although Dumbledore regards the Death Eaters as enemies, his position is still biased towards wizards, so even though he has known about Lockhart's plan for a long time, he still feels a little worried.It would be fine if Muggles had no effect on the civil war between wizards, but what Dumbledore was even more afraid of was, what if Muggles could really help?If Muggles can indeed help the Lions defeat the Snakes, then of course theyIt can also defeat wizards, and Dumbledore is honest, because of his childhood, he actually doesn't like Muggles.
   Don't let them participate, but let them provide some help, such as food, conventional weapons, and...reconnaissance.
    Lockhar pointed out.How come you asked Sirius to help Muggles catch criminals?Desire to give first?
    Dumbledore frowned, seeming to understand something, 
   But have you ever thought that if we let Muggles interfere too much, let them find that wizards are not invincible and lose their mystery? How should a sexual wizard deal with himself?Don't forget America... I'm sure you know better than me on this. 
   Lockhart spread his hands:    Sooner or later.
   
   what?
   
   I mean, Muggles will find us sooner or later. They can't keep turning a blind eye to the mysterious field, so I personally think that we should not only avoid passively, but also actively participate in Muggle affairs. It is best to control Part of the power, like the right to vote.
   Dumbledore was silent for a while before signaling Lockhart to continue:    I would like to hear more about it.
   
   After the Muggle Prime Minister comes to Hogsmeade and attends the opening ceremony, I plan to take advantage of the trend and propose to the Muggle government to set up a local self-government elected council in Hogsmeade, which will enjoy the right to collect taxes independently and be controlled by the Ministry of Magic. Of course, the side effect is that we may need to send representatives to pay homage to the Queen.
   Dumbledore found sadly that he didn't understand a single word of what Lockhart said just now except 
   to serve the Queen
   .Chapter 270 The Third Invitation Letter from the Order of the PhoenixAfter a difficult explanation, Lockhart finally explained the doorway to Dumbledore clearly.In terms of political system, the UK can be said to be known as the 
   home of local self-government bodies
   . Anyone who adopts the local self-government system in the world has more or less referred to the British system of government.Although Britain also has a parliament, it is very different from countries like the United States, Germany, and Germany.Britain, like China, Japan, and France, is a country composed of several administrative units, which is the so-called 
   unitary system
   . The degree of centralization is higher than that of a federal state. The federal system of the Xi'an law is fundamentally different.To give a simple example, the British central government has the right to dissolve local councils and establish the sphere of influence of local governments.But a governor in the United States can be angry with the president and say, 
   You can't control me.
    kind.Therefore, the British wizarding community has established a Ministry of Magic, made its own legislation, and delineated wizarding administrative regions. Strictly speaking, these actions are illegal.But at the same time, although the UK and China are both unitary countries, China is a unitary country with a high degree of centralization, while the UK is a unitary country with local decentralization, and the power of local governments is quite high.What Lockhart wants to do is also very simple, that is to take this opportunity to turn the Ministry of Magic into a legal institution, and use Hogsmeade Village as a 
   tourist resort
    in Scotland, establish a local government, and enjoy tax collection, Voting rights.Dumbledore had no idea why Lockhart would do this, because not only did it expose a wizarding settlement to the Muggles, but in terms of power, it was tantamount to archaicHe handed over part of the power to the Muggle government, in exchange for the Muggle government's recognition of the wizarding world.Although he has not consulted, Dumbledore can be sure that it is absolutely impossible for the leaders of the wizarding world to agree to Lockhart's idea.
   We don't need this face, but we have to give up too many real benefits for this. This is impossible to pass, and you will also be regarded by wizards as a spy sent by Muggles.
    Dumbledore said truthfully.But Lockhart's attitude was also firm.
   It's really unlikely to be passed at the beginning, and I don't have the power yet, but I'm going to try anyway.
    He said to Dumbledore, 
   The wizarding world cannot stay on its own forever.
   
   But... what's the good of it?
    Dumbledore was still puzzled.Lockhart put a piece of material he had prepared in front of Dumbledore:    It will be difficult to explain clearly to you at this moment, I think it's better to write what you want to say on paper.
   Dumbledore unfolded it and found that it was a policy statement document titled 
   From 
   Defensive Realism
    to 
   Offensive Realism
   .:oo You can keep it and read it slowly, I can give you a rough summary-I think that after the establishment of a self-governing body and the name on the Muggle side, although some powers in the wizarding world may be let out, but at the same time we wizards It can also be used to enter the Muggle regime.We are always worried that Muggles will be disadvantageous to us if they discover wizards, but think about it another way, why can't we take the initiative to intervene in Muggles' economic and political power operations while wizards still have an advantage?I personally think that instead of passively waiting for Muggles to discover us, it is better to actively participate in Muggle affairs. I believe that Muggles will need the power of us wizards to deal with some affairs, and we wizards can also benefit from the development of Muggles. get more than nowthe benefits of.If my idea is completed and we have money, power, and connections, Muggles must weigh whether they can resist the double blow from witchcraft and capital at the same time if they want to harm us wizards.But the premise of all this is that we must join them and become their part.    Dumbledore stared at the material for a moment, then shook his head.He didn't want to object, but because he didn't understand it at all.
   It sounds like you want us to join the Muggle political game?
    he asked.
   Yes.
   
   But... do you think we can play them?
    said Dumbledore worriedly. 
   What you have written seems to be a simple outline, but I can't understand it. I don't know if anyone but you There are still a few wizards who can understand this...
   
   Right now, our people won't be able to win elite-educated Muggle civil servants and politicians, but we can take our time.
   
   Like?
   Lockhart is familiar with this:    For example, through donations and political operations, let our people get recommended places to enter Oxford University; another example, let our MPs enter Whitehall and become ministers; and then join some clubs, establish A few IMFs... We will probably be able to officially play chess in one or two generations.
   
   So... what's the point?
    Dumbledore still didn't understand his purpose. 
   After the reform, what can we have?
   
   We will have better living conditions, more respected social status, and...liberation!My dear principal, there is actually only one core idea in my doing this—thatIt is to liberate the vast number of wizards from those low-level jobs to do more efficient work that can create more value, thereby improving the overall productivity of the wizarding world.I don't think it's efficient to have a witch squatting at home and make patties, or a wizard to grow potatoes. A lot of our work can actually be outsourced to Muggles. 
   Dumbledore thought for a while, and then remembered what Lockhart had been doing all along:    If I remember correctly, you set up a drilling company, transformed Hogsmeade, and prepared to sell potions to Muggles. ...Is it all for this?
   Lockhart nodded without hesitation:    Yes! Some reforms are inclined to the common people, and some reforms benefit the Snake faction, but those are the means I use to do things, only 
   increase production efficiency
    My core purpose. 
   Dumbledore felt as if he understood a little of what Lockhart was thinking.Frankly speaking, Dumbledore has always had some opinions about Lockhart.He always felt that this young man's moral bottom line was too flexible, and he was more concerned with tactics than principles in doing things, so although he admired Lockhart's ability and had been giving Lockhart power, he always None of them allowed him to touch the core power level of the Lion faction.But if Lockhart is really what he said, then he is actually a person with 
   principles
   , even if this principle appears because he wants to 
   self-realize
   .It's easy to have principles, but Dumbledore doesn't know how far Lockhart can stick to his principles.
   So, between pure blood and civilians, which side do you prefer?
    Dumbledore asked the key question.
   Why not 'Republic'?
    Lockhart asked rhetorically.Dumbledore fully understood.From Dumbledore's belief that 
   love can save the world
    and 
   the savior should have perfect character
   , Dumbledore is an out-and-out classical republican, or 
   citizen humanist
   .Although the great prophet Rowling may not be aware of it, her thinking when she wrote the book is undoubtedly a kind of simple 
   civic humanism
   , so in her writing, the most decent people have also become the proponents of civic humanism. Pet.So Lockhart is totally doing what he likes, even if he himself has a slight criticism of civic humanism.Because modern realists and rationalists generally believe that under the premise of lack of institutional constraints such as democracy, constitutionalism, and checks and balances, the ideals of 
   co-governance
   , 
   sharing
   , and 
   peace
    pursued by republicanism must not be realized. .Democracy and constitutionalism should be the dominant factors in a republic, and only a republic based on constitutionalism is the republic that best conforms to the republican spirit.But that didn't matter, all he wanted now was Dumbledore's support.Because without Dumbledore's support, he wouldn't be able to use the five-wizard tournament to do some secret tricks under the cover of Hogwarts.Sure enough, after Dumbledore thought for a while, he abruptly extended his hand to Lockhart.
   Gidero, I don't know if you've heard of an organization called 
   Order of the Phoenix 5
   PS Damn, the time is set wrongChapter 270 Fourth CommunicationAfter Lockhart left Hogwarts, his identity had become a pink and tender member of the Order of the Phoenix.It's not easy, it's really not easy.Although this identity has no practical benefits for Lockhart for the time being, and he has to bear many responsibilities because of it, Lockhart knows that only with this identity can he 
   obtain the right to distribute benefits after standing up.
   After all, he was the one who handed in the 
   Certificate of Surrender
    and destroyed Voldemort's Horcrux with his own hands. He was the one who would never surrender to Voldemort anyway. If he still couldn't gain Dumbledore's trust, it would be too bad .Contented, Lockhart slipped out of Hogwarts and returned to the Ministry of Magic, ready to start the opening of the Tournament.Crouch's death did not prevent the holding of the Big Five Tournament. On the contrary, after the vicious murder occurred in the World Cup, Fudge strengthened his determination to hold the Tournament successfully.Just as a Japanese prime minister intended to use the Olympics as his curtain call, so did Fudge.He originally planned to use the Quidditch World Cup and the Triwizard Tournament to make a brilliant commentary on the 
   prosperity
    he brought, but now that the World Cup has a murder case, the only thing he can rely on is the Five-wizard Tournament game.He must not allow his years of hard work to be treated as a joke, so naturally he was desperate.This is actually very beneficial to Lockhart, because he is in charge of organizing and preparing for the five-wild tournament almost from beginning to end. If Fudge wants to show his face, he must go through his own hand, and he can take the opportunity Take extra benefits.If Fudge judges the heart of a gentleman with the heart of a villain, and thinks that Lockhart will play tricks in this regard, then he is very wrong.Because not only did Lockhart not intend to make trouble for Fudge in this matter, but he even planned to help Fudge, let him show more face, and give himself some opportunities to show off.As for his purpose of doing this... Of course it was not out of good intentions, everyone understands.A year and a half into the project, Lockhart's Nigerian wells are finally starting to generate positive returns.Although Lockhart used the word 
   finally
   , I believe that anyone who has worked in petroleum refining and chemical companies should know that there are not many new oil fields that can produce oil and realize profits within a year and a half.The development of many deep oilfields is even counted on a ten-year basis. The Daqing Oilfield, which can be completed within half a year from exploration to oil production, is a miracle created only when the enthusiasm of the workers reached its peak.In this regard, Sniff Exploration Company's explanation is 
   mature management
   , 
   advanced technology
   , and 
   in-depth cooperation with BP and Aiming
   Of course, they didn't need to explain, but their company is about to go public.As long as we wait another six months, according to British law, Sniffer Drilling Company can enter the process of direct listing. Lockhart didn't want to go so soon.But in order to make a profit, capital is sometimes unwilling to wait even a day, let alone half a year.Therefore, under the 
   strong suggestion
    of BP, Sniff Drilling Company smoothly acquired an old refining and chemical company with more than [-] years old, and then took the route of backdoor listing.Unsurprisingly, the overly beautiful financial statements of the Sniff Drilling Company immediately attracted attention.skepticism of market investors.Which exploration company is so awesome?100% hit rate?Which refining and chemical company has such a background?The local rebels dare not harass?Is this company bigger than BP?Let’s look at the operating expenses again—heh, the cost of equipment maintenance and wear and tear is almost zero, and almost all the expenses are raw materials, fuel and workers’ wages. This is really a fool.Even laymen know that industrial equipment cannot be free from wear and tear.And more professional oil industry investment analysts will also tell you that wellbore fouling caused by different oil viscosities and textures, pipelines and submerged pumps (corrosion and deformation of pumps, and sand production) will account for the daily life of oil wells. Approximate share of production loss.
   
   
Chapter 130   
   
   Especially for the pump inspection of production wells, it costs tens of thousands of pounds for one inspection. If it is necessary to replace the worn equipment, the cost of lost time must also be considered. The double loss of equipment and production directly affects the production efficiency of the oil well.No matter how much a general company cheats, they will not forget to incorporate these things. Professionals may be able to see the problem, but ordinary investors will never be able to see it.But the Sniff Drilling Company is an obvious insult to everyone's IQ. Even if some investors want to play the 
   stupid game of gambling
   , I am afraid there will not be such a fool to take over the offer. Therefore, after the Sniff Drilling Company is listed, Naturally, it failed to cause any big waves in the market.Therefore, when 40% of the company's shares were suddenly acquired jointly by several major British oil companies, the consternation of investors was obvious.Not only that, even the stocks in circulation on the market seemed to be robbed overnight, which made many people puzzled.Could it be that the executives, directors and major shareholders of these big companies have also suddenly gone crazy?Until then, those 
   well-informed
    people in the investment world jumped out and startedStart to publicize the relevant background of this company.Experienced people didn't realize until now that it turned out that people in the oil circle were just playing with themselves, and they didn't plan to bring ordinary people to play with them.In addition to the secret hatred, the small fish and shrimps still left in the market were naturally swept away by these people. The stocks issued by the sniffing drilling company were basically sold out, and the mission of the securities company was completed ahead of schedule. .Oil Insiders Throw a Reception to Celebrate the 
   Collaboration
    After Niffler DrillingAs part of the cooperation, Lockhart will of course bring several major shareholders of the company to attend to show his sincerity.It was a given that Mr. Farley would go, but Lucius Malfoy also decided to attend the reception, which somewhat surprised Lockhart.But since the major shareholder insisted on going, Lockhart could only agree, who made him just a wage earner with stocks.Although it was the first time for Farley and Malfoy to attend a Muggle reception, they were no strangers to such occasions.Although Lockhart was a little worried that they would say the wrong thing, the pure-blood families really did not embarrass the wizards in terms of etiquette, and the knowledgeable bosses present did not doubt their identities at all.As land aristocrats, their performance is completely in line with the personality that Lockhart created for them - personable, polite, but with a little arrogance and a condescending feeling, and at the same time special Conservative, like to miss the time hundreds of years ago.Although I have never heard of where 
   Farley Village
    and 
   Malfoy Manor
    are, people don't really care about it. Anyway, such an old 
   noble
    caught in the UK - a lot, I'm afraid it's no better than cod in the North Sea less.Seeing that the two have fully integrated into the 
   upper society
    of Muggles, Lockhart is not worried.He thought that they would merge because of this, and he was promoting this matter entirely with a speculative attitude.I don't know if they can still be as calm as in the original book after they enjoy the benefits of this, and then face Voldemort's order to abandon everything.P.So nothing happened, just set the wrong timingChapter 270 Five, whatever you want.When the reception was slowly coming to an end, Prime Minister Major, who was also invited, quietly approached Lockhart.
   Man... if your drilling company is really that good, can you do me a favor?
    he asked Lockhart in a low voice.Originally, the matter Major wanted to consult should fall into the category of 
   unsolvable
   , but if he was a wizard, he might be able to find something.
   What's busy? Personal or business?
    Lockhart replied calmly.
   It's all sorts of things,
    Major whispered. 
   Well, have you ever heard of a company called Bre-X?
   The Prime Minister's question overwhelmed Lockhart.
   I've never heard of it,
    Lockhart replied honestly. 
   I don't even know what they do.
   
   They are also an exploration company.
    Major revealed the mystery himself, 
   It is a Canadian company. Last year they said they discovered a gold mine in Indonesia, and this year's new exploration report said that the gold mine may have a large amount. It can reach more than 100 tons, and the ore grade is very high.”
   More than 100 tons!
    Lockhart was also taken aback.— If more than one hundred tons are steel or copper ore, then this figure is a bit ordinary, but if it is gold, it is a bit scary.After all, the world only produces about 3000 tons of gold a year. If we put it in an older age, such as the period of great voyages, Spain defeated the Inca Empire through untold hardships, and the total amount of gold extorted from the Inca Emperor was only about ten tons.At today's gold prices, the gold, if mined, would always be worth $20 billion -- and that was $90 billion in the 20s.
   This is a good thing. Is there anything we can do for you? Your Excellency.
    Lockhart was very interested in this.But Major frowned:    It's hard to say it's a good thing.
   
   how?
   
   It's like this...Although the company announced that it has discovered a gold mine and issued a report, and Indonesia's gold production is also high, several exploration companies have drilled holes in that mining area before, but what did they say? None found...
   Lockhart understood. 
   You mean, you suspect there's something wrong with them.
   
   Yes, but the Indonesian government suddenly said that they would cancel their development rights and monopolize the gold mine, and senior officials of the Canadian government also came to me, saying that they want us to put pressure on the Indonesian government and are willing to let us invest and have a part of the equity ...Can you help us take a look at what's going on in that gold mine?
   Lockhart thought about it, and felt that this was not very difficult.
   No problem, we will try to give you an accurate result within a week.
    Lockhart promised.
   Really? A week?
    Major was overjoyed.
   Well... there are goblins over there, after all,
    said Lockhart.With the communication of this kind of thing, it is possible to get the result within three days, but Lockhart also gave Major a margin.Major obviously breathed a sigh of relief:    Great, this is a big deal after all, we have to be cautious...more than 100 tons...
   Major toasted Lockhart another glass of wine, and then went to entertain others with a happy face.Of course Lockhart knew why he was so concerned.Although the United Kingdom is expensive as the 
   five constants
   , the gold reserves of the British are really not enough.That's a lot, not to mention comparing it with the United States, that mere [-] tons of reserves ranks first in the world.Ten can't get in.And as far as Lockhart knows, in 1999, the British did a stupid thing - because they were so cash-strapped, the Chancellor of the Exchequer - and later Prime Minister Gordon Brown - sold gold when the price of gold was at its lowest. Half of it was sold off, and in the end there were only 310 tons of gold left in Britain.Although there are 4600 tons of gold stored in London's underground vaults, most of them belong to other countries and they have no right to use them.What is more than 300 tons of gold enough for?Of course nothing is enough, not even a stable currency value.And it is not even known whether the more than 300 tons is a real number-some sharp-eyed media discovered that the gold bars in the London underground vault actually have cracks, and such cracks usually only appear in gold with more impurities.In other words, even the last bit of gold may not necessarily be 
   99.9% pure gold
    as the British say.Lockhart was not a big official before, so he didn't have access to such secrets, but he was still a 
   person in the system
   . If you think about it with common sense, as long as it is something that the British government tries to deny, he will Put a question mark in your heart.Therefore, when the Venezuelan Maduro government later came to power, it asked the British to extract 31 tons of gold they had stored in the UK. The British resolutely rejected their request and firmly refused to recognize the legitimacy of the Maduro government.In addition to the factors of cooperating with the 
   allies
    of the United States, the main reason may be that the British authorities want to swallow the gold, even at the cost of damaging credit.Lockhart had reason to suspect that the Bank of England knew that they couldn't afford that much pure gold, so in order to avoid scandal, they decided to be shameless.Of course, the British are still shameless now, and Brown's 300 tons of gold have not been sold yet.So when the Canadians wanted to share the ownership of the gold mines with the British, Major would be lying if he said he was not interested.After the plane crash, Britain really needs gold to give its people confidence.But the premise is that the gold must be genuine.Lockhart decided to do Major this favor and make another good match.In this way, when Britain has to sell the 300 tons of gold in the future, Lockhart can buy part of it cheaply on behalf of the wizarding world.After Lockhart becomes the Minister of Magic, besides personnel and judicial powers, the most indispensable thing is financial power.With this batch of real money in hand, Lockhart's confidence in the wizarding world can also be strengthened a lot.Five days later, Lockhart came to the prime minister's office again after being briefed by the portrait.
   Sorry, sir, there is no gold ore in that 
   gold mine
    in Indonesia: or rather, there is no gold ore worth refining. said Lockhart regretfully to MajorThe disappointment on Major's face was palpable:    Really? So that means, the Canadians lied to us?
   
   Hmm... maybe they didn't mean to either.
   While talking, Lockhart took out a small glass bottle from his arms:   Our people took samples at the place where they put the drill bit. As a result, there is a huge gap between the measured data of the ore at the same location and the grade they announced. We believe that the company and the third-party exploration agency have constructed fakes. Even the Canadians and Indonesians believed it, otherwise they would not have fought for this worthless mining area.Major didn't doubt Lockhart's words, but he was a little too disappointed now
   It seems that we can only mine the gold mine in the Koroniz mining area first, although it is a little less.
    He said angrily.But after hearing his words, Lockhart had a strange expression.You mean, the goldfields in Scotland's Tyndrum? 
   he asksMajor raised his eyebrows:    Why, you also know that piece.
   Lockhart didn't answer his question directly, but asked instead:    I wonder how much gold you want to get from that gold mine?
   
   Uh...
    Major reflected, 
   I remember the mining company saying that, according to their estimates, there were at least five tons in it.
   
   I'm afraid there are not so many...
    Lockhart said regretfully, 
   After all, it is also in the Scottish Highlands, which belongs to the intensive activity area of ​​wizards. It is also a gold mine developed by goblins earlier. Gringotts has a lot of gold reserves. It all comes from there.
   Major didn't understand what he meant at first, but when he figured it out, he found himself standing up.
   Hey... you're secretly... I mean, you don't have the right to embezzle what belongs to the state...
   
   We mined this gold mine in the 14th century. Not to mention Scotland, even Wales has not yet become part of the Kingdom of England.
    Lockhart reminded, 
   Your accusations are unreasonable.
   Chapter 270 Serving the Royal FamilyProbably thinking that the person in front of him was a wizard, Major had no choice but to sit down again feebly.His expression looked irritated, and he looked like he was angry but couldn't express it.Seeing him like this, Lockhart obviously didn't know what was going on in his heart.People, they are afraid of being disappointed after having hope, even if Lockhart's information can indeed save them from losses, the problem is that in the mind of the Prime Minister, this gold is 
   gained and lost
   , not Never have.
   If you're having trouble with this question, why don't you ask us a little more?
    Lockhart started fishing.Hearing that there was something in his words, the prime minister regained his spirit instantly.
   Is there a gold mine? Where is it? Is it easy to dig?
    He couldn't wait to ask.
   Easy to dig, but not easy to dig.
    Lockhart replied in an official tone.Major laughed exaggeratedly, as fake as he could be:    Okay! Do we need to pay attention to these things in our relationship? Just say it - this gold mine is in our territory up?
   
   It's still there, but it's hard to say in a few months.
    Lockhart sighed pretendingly.Major flew into a rage, and this time he really wasn't pretending.
   Who? The rebels of the Ming Dynasty want to divide our country?
    He growled angrily, 
   This is the territory bestowed on us by God, and every inch of glory belongs to Her Majesty the Queen. Anyone who dares to give it up, even if it is just a little Grab the dust, we also have to...Lockhart had to interrupt him:    That gold mine is in Northern Ireland, sirMajor's angry roar, comparable to that of the head of state, suddenly stopped, and he himself was like an osprey whose neck was strangled, choking so hard that he couldn't spit out anything, and couldn't swallow anything.Under Lockhart's playful gaze, Major pretended to be calm and poured himself a glass of water, and swallowed what he wanted to say but didn't say out into his stomach along with the water.
   Northern Ireland?
    repeated Major. 
   Is there gold in Ireland too?If I am not mistaken, he and the Northern Irish parties are still in a state of superficial consultations and substantive wars, and Prime Minister Major has always tended to take a tough attitude towards the Northern Irish.If there is a split, the one most likely to split it is Prime Minister Major himself.Lockhart was amused in his heart, but he was still serious on the surface.
   Of course there is gold in Ireland. Among the various cultural relics unearthed in the Bronze Age, the proportion of gold in the original Irish civilization is the highest. And if I remember correctly, when Queen Maeve trained wizards in Ireland, her source of funds was also gold. Mine... To be honest, we are also surprised that you Muggles haven't found these gold mines.
   Major didn't notice the slight thorn in Lockhart's words, because he was now fully committed to the big gold mine:    Can you tell me roughly, where is that gold mine? 
   
   There is an island of fire in Northern Ireland. Under one of the dead fires, there are ores that can produce about 210 tons of gold. According to the goblins, the thickness of the ore layer is 40 meters, and the grade is very high. The average grade is 30 per ton of ore. There is a 9-meter-thick ore seam in the core local area, and the gold content here is 900 grams per ton.” He told Major.
   Oh, my God,
    Major sighed.Then he suddenly thought of something:    Then why don't you...
   
   Because we have too much gold, and we don't need that much at all.
    Lockhart knew exactly what he was asking.
   Too much?
    Major seemed to have heard some interesting words, 
   Will someone think too much gold?
   
   In other words, it is too much compared to our total economic volume.
    Lockhart replied half-truthfully, 
   Our wizard's currency is gold, silver, and copper. If there is a large amount of gold Not only will it cause inflation, but it will completely destroy our monetary system and turn it into a 
   limping standard
   Although Lockhart's analysis is true, in fact, the wizard never thought of those things.The goblins of Gringotts, in particular, didn't mine those gold mines simply because they couldn't do anything about the thick masses of igneous rock.As for inflation, they have never had anything to do with them. Anyway, after they dig up gold, they basically hide it in the vault and don't circulate it very much.
   So that's it.
    Major was finally relieved, 
   Ha, we didn't even get the gold and silver double standard right, yet you guys managed to come up with a triple standard.
   After he was relieved, his heart was occupied by something called 
   greed
    - 210 tons, this number is too tempting.Since it is a gold mine in the UK, it means that these British people can eat all the gold and don't distribute it to foreigners.Although the vast majority of these gold mines are smelted into gold bars and then used as national reserves, there are still many places where they can be operated.For example, they can sell part of it as jewelry, which will generate far more profits than simply smelting it into gold bars. Mine pits and river water can also be used to attract gold diggers to travel, not to mention the stock market, futures and financial markets. It is impossible not to fluctuate because of the discovery of a large gold mine... so 100 tons of gold can be taken out of this batchIt's good to have a reserve.Even better, these were all the British's own, so Major could reap a lot of benefits from the domestic tycoons.
   
   
Chapter 131   
   
   The only problem is, the gold mine is actually in Northern Ireland...It seems necessary to soften my position on Sinn Féin a little, Major thought to himself.Seeing that Major took the bait, Lockhart was not in a hurry, but first took out the invitation card for the opening ceremony of the Big Five Tournament, inviting him to come and give a speech.If it hadn't been for Lockhart's reminder, Major would have almost forgotten the size, but after Lockhart's reminder, he also remembered another important thing, but it's not easy to say it publicly.He subconsciously glanced at the portrait in the office, and after realizing that the wizard in the painting was not in the frame, he lowered his voice and whispered to Lockhart:   By the way... I just remembered that the people who went to your village brought back a potion that grows hair... Is that true?
   Hearing his question, Lockhart naturally set his sights on the Prime Minister's head.Major noticed his movement, and quickly clarified loudly:    It's not me! My hair is very fine, and I'm asking for someone else.
   The corner of Lockhart's mouth twitched:    Of course, I believe you are also inquiring for others... As for the effect of the potion, I believe you have heard about it from people who have 
   rehabilitated
   . 
   Of course, Major was well aware of where the group of people went to 
   rehabilitate
   .
   So, that potion for long hair does work? And it has no side effects■
   Overdose may cause side effects such as loss of appetite... The overdose I mentioned means drinking 5 bottles at a time.
   Seeing that Major wanted to ask more questions, Lockhart hastily added.Hearing that the side effects were so minimal, Major didn't take it seriously:    That's no big deal, I can... I mean, do you still have that thing? I'm going to give it away.
   Lockhart thought it wasn't sleepy who came to deliver the pillow, and he was about to slowly talk about it to the Muggle Prime Minister, but instead he brought it up first.He pretended to be embarrassed:    Who is it for? According to the 
   Secrecy Act
    of our wizards, unless it is a Muggle who has a close relationship with a wizard, in principle, the use of magical products is not allowed.
   
   Not allowed? But those who go to the resort...
   
   They speak well of companies that our rich and powerful have formed and bring in investment, so of course it's a 'close relationship'
   Lockhart blinked, seeming to mean something.As an old political fritter, Major certainly understood such obvious hints.He smiled knowingly, as he did when he was fooling the backbench with the rest of the ministers.
   I see... I probably understand the standards of your wizards... Don't worry, the client I want to introduce is definitely 
   closely related
    to the wizarding world. 
   After speaking, he also winked at Lockhart.Seeing that the Prime Minister understood what he meant, there was no need for Lockhart to put on a gesture:    Really? Maybe you can tell me about it and let me know how close their relationship with wizards really is.
   
   Very closely, because that is the royal family we all love and love, Queen of England, Wales, Scotland, Ireland, and her childrenLockhart understood in seconds:    Could it be that His Highness Charles and His Highness William...
   Embankment's. Major cut him off. 
   You think that's all right?
    
   Not only is it possible, it is quite possible. Lockhart thought to himself. The British have a very high rate of baldness, and as their national symbol, the British royal family has naturally inherited the great tradition of the British people—bald before they are old. Whether it is the Queen's husband, Prince Philip, or their children and grandchildren, they will basically start the journey of claiming a mortgage after the age of 25.The only one with fairly lush hair is Prince Harry. The British thought that he would become a fig leaf for the phenomenon of the royal family’s hair loss, but it only took Harry a year after he was 25 to make his head become soft. Like his brother, it can only be said that the power of genetic genes is too powerful.Judging from the fact that they asked Major to help find the medicine, although the members of the royal family didn't say anything, they actually cared about it in their hearts!Lockhart shouted 
   Great
    in his heart, but he still showed embarrassment on his face.He pretended to think for a long time before opening his mouth again:    It's like this... If it's only used by a small group of people, then it's not a big deal. But the problem is that they are all royal families, and they need to be exposed all day long. People under the media, once their baldness is cured, the media will find out soon, and then we wizards will be exposed too9”■Major seemed to have just thought of this question, and was a little taken aback by Lockhart's words.
   You're right, the last time His Majesty's steward was still complaining to me that she just changed a hat and the media was about to put it on the front page, which made Her Majesty very unhappy because she felt like she had become A monkey exhibited in a zoo... oops, that's a real problem!
   The relationship between Major and the royal family is really good, Lockhart captures the key point
   In that case, could you please do me a favor and have the Food and HealthSomeone issued us a license plate. 
   Lockhart came up with an idea, ^If we dilute the hair growth potion and sell it as an ordinary special medicine, and then invite a few highnesses to endorse this hair growth potion and sell it to the public, I believe the public will never There will be no doubt.
   
   Good idea! I owe you another favor, Lockhart!
    The Prime Minister looked tall\//
   Of course, friends are meant to help each other.
    Lockhart echoed.Chapter 270 DesignAlthough Lockhart has been reminding himself not to work too hard, since he entered the Ministry of Magic, he still works non-stop every day.What Dobby likes to say 
   work makes me happy
    is the same for Lockhart now.Due to his status in his previous life, Lockhart seldom saw important people.Occasionally having a drink with a few ministers, or attending some international occasions as one of the entourages of several ministers, is already the limit of what he can achieve.But now he can not only have a face-to-face conversation with the British Prime Minister, but at the same time, the highest political leaders in the magical world still have a lot to rely on him. If this kind of thing was put in the past, Lockhart could not even imagine it.This day is getting more and more hopeful, and of course he is more and more motivated to work.If Fudge hadn't offered to take over half of the work for the Big Five Tournament, he might even be so busy that he would be forced to cross again.To be honest, Fudge’s behavior was very unethical. After Lockhart had worked hard for more than a year, he ran over to pick peaches. Although this conformed to the superficial rules, it did not conform to the unspoken rules among civil servants.But Lockhart thought about it carefully, and the preparations for the tournament have basically been completed, and all that remains to be done is to accompany foreign guests, give speeches everywhere to gain a sense of presence, and attend various promotional activities.Showing your face in this way is certainly showing, but showing it is worthless.Because the spectators always watch the game to see the performance of the players on the field, and almost no one cares about the long and smelly speech of the leader, and no one cares about what the organizers of the game have done, or what they have done. How hard it is.Of course, this does not include the Tokyo Olympics. Everyone doesn’t like the Tokyo Olympics.Instead of watching the game, they are more concerned about what hellish tricks the organizers of the game have done.In short, Lockhart does not think that doing these superficial things can bring him anything. Doing those things is neither free nor profitable. On the contrary, serving sponsors can bring him closer to power.So he readily handed over the work of showing up at meetings and receiving foreign guests to Fuji, and then, to his overjoyed, took over the work of connecting with sponsors, promoting services to foreign tourists, and receiving guests.After all, many of the sponsors are foreign, and it is justifiable to entrust these tasks to the International Department.As for the operation of the tournament, it is natural that the Sports Department is in charge, and the acting director of the new office, Hesska Jones, is also a member of the Order of the Phoenix, so Lockhart is not very worried that she will make trouble on her side.In this way, Lockhart, whose workload has been greatly reduced, has room to fish. He can take the opportunity to devote his energy to dealing with Muggle affairs, and at the same time, he can secretly watch the security work of the Big Five Tournament. .Although Barty Crouch Jr. could no longer pretend to be Moody and sneak into Hogwarts, and Lockhart didn't quite know how he would resurrect Voldemort.But what Lockhart can be sure of is that if Voldemort wants to be resurrected, he will definitely use Harry Potter's blood.From God's point of view, Voldemort is undoubtedly digging a hole for himself by using Harry's blood to resurrect, but Voldemort himself really wants the protective magic left to him by his mother in Harry's blood.On Voldemort's dark magic path, he has experienced many dangerous transformations, and the reason why he is willing to take this risk is nothing more than to obtain more powerful magic power, and the magic power of love in Harry Potter is what he possesses. Never got that.In line with the principle of 
   things you can't get are good things
   , it is natural for Voldemort to covet this kind of magic.It was precisely because he knew that Voldemort would dig a huge hole for himself, so Lockhart did not go to Old Riddle's grave, and burned his bones to ashes in advance.After all, there are so many types of black magic, even if Voldemort doesn't use the Philosopher's Stone or 
   father's bone
   , he probably can find a way to get a new body.But without Harry's blood at that time, whether Harry can successfully let Voldemort remove the piece of soul in his body becomes unknown.However, since Voldemort paid the price of a loyal servant for Harry's blood in the original book, Lockhart can't let little Crouch live, because from his point of view, the threat of little Crouch is even greater. Greater than Voldemort himself.Now that Little Crouch doesn't have Pettigrew's cooperation, and he can't pretend to be Moody to sneak into Hogwarts, so how on earth are you going to catch Harry?In his heart, Lockhart made a declaration of war to Crouch Jr. Not only was he going to kill this guy, but he also wanted to use Crouch Jr. to complete his reverse osmosis lure to Death Eaters and even Voldemort.This was not a joke, because he knew that Voldemort would not trust Crouch Jr. 100%, even though Crouch Jr. was already the most trusted of the Death Eaters.Because little Crouch wanted to get a 
   reward
    from Voldemort, and the reward he wanted was something Voldemort would never give him.And the reward that Voldemort will never give is eternal life.For Crouch, who was born in the holy 28 pure blood and whose father almost became the real Minister of Magic, whether it is money, beauty or power, these things are all within his reach.But because of the environment in which he grew up, Crouch Jr. didn't think those things were very attractive.The reason why he worships Voldemort and is willing to advise him is that there are only two things he wants-one is 
   the right to legally torture others
    and the other is 
   the power to torture others legally
   .is 
   the power not to be governed by anything
   And this 
   anything
   , of course, includes 
   death
   The word Death Eaters (De3th_E3te「s) originally has the meaning of 
   conquering death
   . Voldemort's business Death Eaters promised that as long as they were loyal to themselves, he would give them 
   eternal life
    as a reward sooner or later.The reason why little Crouch worked so hard to advise and work for Voldemort was that besides the elements of 
   worship
    and 
   self-imprinting
   , what he pursued was nothing more than eternal life.When being fed with Veritaserum, the phrase 
   I will get a reward that all wizards can't dream of
    expresses his greatest appeal to Voldemort.But Lockhart knew that it was impossible for Voldemort to grant immortality to others.When killing Snape, the sentence that Voldemort blurted out except me, no one can live forever
    is probably the true thought deep in his heart.—On the one hand, little Crouch also wants eternal life, but on the other hand, Voldemort will never give it to him. There is a fundamental contradiction between the master and servant, but little Crouch has not realized it yet.As long as there are conflicts, Barty Crouch Jr. is no longer a 
   perfect dog
   . There must be a strategy that suits him best, and Lockhart firmly believes in thisIn addition, although Lockhart did not know how Voldemort planned to get Harry's blood this time, he did understand one thing—no matter what Voldemort planned, there was a key link in this plan that cannot be omitted , that is, Harry Potter himself.More intelligence and the meticulous thinking of the civil servants allowed Lockhart to quickly sort out the current situation. As long as he knew the fundamental contradiction between the enemy and ourselves, he would be able to deal with it.Since Fudge was going to take over his job, Lockhart didn't mind playing a new game with Voldemort's master and servant.He let little Crouch win the first game, but he didn't intend to lose the second game,Not even a draw is considered.So he handed the schedule he compiled to Dumbledore for review, and then waited for him to give his opinion.Dumbledore watched it carefully for a long time, and finally remembered to ask him if he had talked to the Director of Sports about it.Lockhart has always been very obedient in front of Dumbledore:    Not yet, I want to discuss it after you read it.
   Dumbledore returned Lockhart the schedule compiled by him, and then gave him permission.
   I have no opinion. You and Hai Sijia have discussed it. As a criterion for judging warriors, I think this is very good.
   Of course that's nice, because that's exactly what you're doing.Lockhart thought.In order to prove to the wizarding world that his course was correct, Lockhart introduced business into the Tournament, but with business alone, he could not satisfy Dumbledore.Therefore, as a first-class marketing master, he must add 
   symbolic meaning
    to the competition-that is, various items used to test the character of the warriors.It's as if some writers insist on adding philosophy and literature to the story in order to forcibly sublimate the theme.Don't even mention it, Dumbledore really only eats this set.Chapter 270 Eight People Who Buy AdsAfter obtaining Dumbledore's permission, Lockhart went to discuss the organization of the tournament with Hessica Jones.Because of Ludo Bagman's bad governance, the Sports Department failed to achieve any real results in the previous year. The only Quidditch World Cup that was considered good was a vicious case. Now the Sports Department is holding a sigh of relief: Want to prove it.Although Lockhart came to the Sports Department after discussing with Dumbledore, which did not conform to the    rules
   , but I believe that Jones, as a member of the Order of the Phoenix, will definitely give Dumbledore more face.After seeing the projects that Lockhart planned to vote in the competition, Hessica Jones was a little speechless.
   Do we have that much money?
    was her first reaction.But when Lockhart told her the funds raised in the past six months, Jones suddenly discovered that at the time when everyone thought Lockhart was 
   distributed
   , he actually did it. So many things.If you only look at the money received from sponsors and the media, the budget and revenue of this 
   strong school joint tournament
    has already exceeded the Quidditch World Cup.o To sum up, as long as we don’t spend money indiscriminately, or there are relatively large accidents in the competition, then our budget is more than enough, and the newly built tourist facilities and trading market in Hogsmeade Village can also bring us benefits, But these are variable income, we can't count on it too much...what's wrong? 
   Lockhart finished talking about his idea in detail, but found that Jones was looking at him with a very strange look.Probably because he also realized that his reaction was not right, Jones quickly explained:    Don't get me wrong, I just suddenly felt...you are very suitable to work in the Ministry of Magic.
   Lockhart opened his hands exaggeratedly, making an unbelievable look:   Otherwise, what do you think I'm here for? Retirement?
   Jones was blunt:    Thought you were tired of the risky life and were preparing to enter the Law Enforcement Department and cultivate a group of Aurors.
   Lockhart was puzzled:    What gave you this outrageous illusion.
   
   That's what everyone says.
    Hasska Jones shrugged. 
   This is the opinion of the readers of 
   Witch Weekly
   . The one I just mentioned has the most votes.
   
   Ha, then should I be thankful that you didn't believe the words in The Quibbler?
    Lockhart laughed, 
   I remember it said that I found Fudge in the Department of Mysteries secretly researching the black magic of world destruction, I am preparing to smash his conspiracy with one hand.
   Hai Sijia blurted out:    That's not enough, besides, the Department of Mysteries is a bunch of old Ravenclaw scholars... Oops, I almost forgot, you are also a Ravenclaw
   Thank you for remembering.
    Lockhart threw the project preparation materials on her desk.In his plan, in order to include those projects with a strong commercial taste, he had to divide the five-wild tournament into many projects. Various ceremonies and social occasions were also in Lockhart's design, and the main match was As a 
   main course
   , it is interspersed in various commercial projects.The Triwizard Tournament mode in the original book is not within the scope of Lockhart’s consideration. On the one hand, it is too uncommercial, and on the other hand, it does not take much care of the audience.The two-wizard competition among the original players is held at the end of October, and the opening match is at the end of October. The second event will run until the end of February of the next year, and the third event will be held in June. Outside of a Yule Ball, there are hardly any extra items.
   
   
Chapter 132   
   
   And this game is too much to complain about—in the first event, the audience can barely see the performance of the warriors on the field, only the heroic appearance of Harry riding a broom cannot be appreciated by the audience.But starting from the second project, the audience is forced to stare at a water that can't bubble up for an hour, which is a bit outrageous.And the third project was carried out in the maze, not to mention the audience, even Dumbledore didn't know what happened inside, no wonder no one knew that the Goblet of Fire was replaced by a Portkey.Lockhart doesn't know which genius designed this kind of game. Maybe Ludo Bagman's brain full of gambling only considered how to facilitate his black-box operations, so he didn't think about the game from the beginning to the end. Ornamental issues.Lockhart believes that the idea of ​​​​fighting fire dragons and underwater competitions is worth learning, but he cannot allow the audience to face the air 0B all the way, which is not in the long-term interest.In his plan, the five-wizard competition is divided into welcome ceremony, opening ceremony and warrior selection, opening match, Quidditch friendly exchange charity competition, second event, Christmas ball, third event, skiing exchange competition , the fourth project, the Easter entertainment, the finals and the closing ceremony, these projects can fill up the Warriors' itinerary from October to June next year.For a large-scale event, the popularity of its activities must be maintained by constant exposure. Otherwise, in terms of human memory, after the novelty passes, the heat may fade faster than it sweeps in.Like the original work, the difference between the two projects is 4 months, which is simply the rhythm of fearing that it will not be cool.It's not that Jones doesn't know this truth, but the reason why she hesitated just now is because holding so many activities requires money.But Lockhart answered her question—the sponsors weren't worried about him at all.They spend too much money, and they only worry about too few projects, which leads to the event's lack of enthusiasm in the end.Enough, and business activities on the Muggle side have long proved this.
   It's really unimaginable that someone would spend so much money on advertising.
    Jones sighed, even if the Uyemen didn't spend this money, they were already well-known. 
   
   You are wrong, Jones.
    Lockhart is familiar with this, 
   These businessmen are eager to spend this money, to them, this is not money
   What else could it be called spending money?
    Jones thought he was joking.
   It's called saving money.
    Lockhart didn't seem to be joking at all, 
   Muggles realized the role of advertising and the essence of wealth earlier than us, so they can figure out a truth- That is, spending money to advertise a brand is not consuming at all, but saving money.”If Jones could understand the first half of the sentence, she couldn't understand the second half.Seeing that she didn't understand, it was difficult for Lockhart to explain. This was not only because she was specialized in surgery, she might not understand it, but more importantly, even if he explained it clearly, the other party might not be interested.Wealth can be gold, but it can also be real estate, stocks, factories and connections, all of which can be understood, but these are all tangible.But advertising is very special, because it does not exist as an entity, but an 
   influence
    relative to people, or an impression or neurotransmitter in the brain.But these virtual things are also wealth, because all wealth is relative to people.Only when people think that something is valuable, it is really valuable; only when people think that something is wealth, it is really wealth.So, how can more people think that their products are valuable?— A bottle of Coca-Cola, just a little leaf extract, plus sugar, soda, and coloring, it can sell for several dollars, but in fact, if you only look at the raw materialsIn other words, it is only worth a few cents.Similarly, a bottle of 
   fruit flavored dairy products
   , the thickener, essence, coloring, and emulsifier in it together cost less than [-] cents, but it costs more than [-] yuan for consumption in supermarkets.Another example is diamonds. This kind of stuff that is neither scarce nor has a special crystal structure can be sold so expensive. It can only be said that everyone who has participated in marketing is responsible.Why are they so expensive?Isn't it because advertisements have an impact on people, making people 
   anchor
    the value of this thing in their minds?In other words, for a large company, the money spent on advertising is not called spending money, it can only be regarded as storing spare funds in another place.The money spent has become an 
   impression
    in the minds of his target customer group, and it also belongs to the company's assets, and it is also a core asset.This is why Coca-Cola is not afraid of the factory being burned-the real value of their brand lies not in this, but in the so many stars who compete with Pepsi every yearAs long as these stars are not dead, the money they spend on advertising is actually stored in the brains of the star fan base.Small and medium-sized merchants in the wizarding world may still be ignorant of this concept, but international chain stores like Fengya wizarding dresses are undoubtedly aware of it, so they pay so happily.As a traditional wizard, Haisijia Jones may not be aware of this problem for the time being.However, Lockhart is going to find an opportunity to let the wizards learn what business and social thinking is after he is ready to take over.Chapter 270 IXThe belatedness of Ministry officials has been a boon to Lockhart, as they are generally inexperienced, so now Lockhart can do whatever he wants.The news of the Big Five Tournament has already spread in the wizarding world. Not only the wizarding media at home and abroad have followed up on this hot spot, but even the sponsors' stores have begun to hang promotional posters for the Big Five Tournament.It is a good thing that there are many stakeholders involved. All participants will help you promote this event spontaneously, because the hotter the event, the more famous their products will beLockhart felt that it might be right to keep news of the schedule a secret, since wizards had already begun to speculate in their own way about the players, the events of the tournament, and who the eventual champion would be.
   Hogwarts champions win at three to one; Durmstrang wins at four to one; Beauxbatons and Ilvermorny are at six to one, and Waggadu is at eight to one...everyone Do you look down on Africans so much?
   He just glanced at it and threw the newspaper with the odds aside, and decided to ignore it for the time being. Before the Warriors were selected, the odds had no reference.He had more important things to do now—before the people from those schools arrived at Hogwarts, he had to deal with the private affairs entrusted to him by the Prime Minister.The recent news of the sudden recruitment by the Extraordinary Pharmacist Association caused a small earthquake in the wizarding world.After all, the job market is so big, it is a big deal for them to suddenly recruit dozens of people as apprentices.But the point is that there are not so many suitable people, especially fresh graduates from HogwartsShengsheng, the number is really too small.Although the 
   NEWTs
    exam for the seventh grade was held in June, logically speaking, there should be no shortage of recruits, but Extraordinary Pharmacist ^] will recruit apprentices this time, so these people don't need to live in the vegetable garden.
    , you only need to get the Potions class 
   Writing the Eagle
    is enough.If students who have passed the owl still can't make hair growth potions, it can only be said that there is indeed a problem with Hogwarts education.But the problem is that these students who don't need to take the 
   butterfly money
    have all found a job before March without exception, and there are very few students who wait until the final test results come out to start looking for a job.For this reason, Mr. Granger had to let go of the criteria for selecting candidates, and selected candidates from previous graduates. He even hired the retired old slug Slughorn as a supervisor, and managed to get enough to start working. number of people.Seeing that it was so difficult for him to even recruit production workers, Lockhart took advantage of the opportunity and proposed to change all the packaging glass bottles and paper labels of the tonic potion to 
   import
    from Muggles.Of course, Mr. Granger could only agree. Not only was the cost of using a crystal bottle too high, but the wizarding world simply didn't have the ability to produce [-] crystal bottles a week. Being able to outsource it to Muggles would save him a lot of trouble.Although the shelf life of the potion will be greatly reduced after being bottled in a glass bottle, considering that the Muggles who buy it may not wait until the shelf life expires before using it up, so it doesn't matter, as long as the label says that the shelf life is only one month.Then, Lockhart came to London with the first batch of hair growth spirits produced by them: and met the royal family's butler under the introduction of Major.As a steward, of course he must strictly scrutinize all things that try to get close to the royal family, even if there is an introduction from the prime minister.Fortunately, in order not to embarrass the masters he served, the old butler alsoHe also went bald early, so the first test product of this medicine was the butler himselfIn order to obtain the license as soon as possible, the potion given to him by Lockhart was only diluted by one-third.The butler dubiously took the medicine produced by the    Extraordinary Pharmaceutical Company
    that he had never heard of before, and then asked Lockhart to wait in London for three days.Three days later, when Lockhart saw the butler again, he was already waiting for him with a happy face and curly gray hair.
   It's amazing. I cut a part of it in the morning, but it grew back in the evening... It's like magic!
   
   Of course.
    Major flattered, 
   Mr. Granger of the Association of Extraordinary Pharmacists has been immersed in the field of human biology for many years. He is a rare expert in pharmacology. The University of Manchester is planning to award him an honorary professor degree.
    It's...
   The butler didn't care much about Major's bragging, he just wanted to complete his task as soon as possible.He turned to Lockhart, and his tone was a little more earnest and less domineering:   Your highnesses are very satisfied with the effect of this potion. I hope you can provide a batch of medicine as soon as possible out of respect for the royal family. Your highness has already promised that he is willing to give you a suitable reward for this...
   
   Remuneration?
    Lockhart pretended to be surprised, 
   Why do you think we are such shameless people? The honor of serving the royal family is already our greatest reward.
   The butler raised his eyebrows, noncommittal to Lockhart's words.It's not that he doesn't know that the royal family has long been reduced to a kind of mascot in the UK, and he absolutely doesn't believe in paying homage.Even if it was His Royal Highness, didn't a bunch of officers run over to kick his ass when he was serving in the military?So the old butler straightened his hair, which had grown a little longer in just a few minutes, and said solemnly:    You don't have to refuse like this, no matter what kind of compensation you want, it is not good for the royal family.
    What is it, but the principle of 'reward for meritorious service' is more important to the royal family, we will not lose this glorious tradition for any petty gain... I hope you can understand.
   
   Understandable.
    Lockhart said hastily, 
   but we really only have one request—I mean, let the world know that we have also served the royal family.
   The old butler finally understood what Lockhart meant:    You mean... publicity in the name of the royal family?
   
   Yes.
    Lockhart confirmed his statement.
   Since this is the case, I think you must also know that there are currently 800 royal licensed brands in Great Britain, and all royal licensed brands are members of the 'Royal Licensed Owners Association'.If you want 
   Extraordinary Pharmacy
    to become an authorized brand, I am willing to write a letter of recommendation to the association for you. However, only the Duke of Edinburgh, the Prince of Wales or Her Majesty the Queen are eligible to issue a letter of appointment. About this... I don’t know you Are you 'ready'?
   After saying the word 
   preparation
   , the housekeeper rubbed his white-gloved fingers lightly, as if implying something.
   I know the rules...
    Lockhart tried to keep smiling, 
   I'll get a lawyer to sign an endorsement...ah no, a power of attorney.
   
   Very good.
    The old butler seemed very satisfied, 
   One more thing, the authorization from the royal family is only valid for five years, and it needs to be re-examined after five years.
   Lockhart tried his best to resist the urge to pluck all that white hair off, and sent the butler away with Major.What's more, it is worthy of the British royal family, and the ability to pluck the wild goose's hair is not much worse than it was hundreds of years ago.Queen Elizabeth II is also worthy of the name. Compared with Queen I, the policies are indeed in the same line.Lockhart felt like those pirates in the time of great voyages. No matter if you robbed goods from Spain or Holland, you would eventually give a share to the Queen.Never mind though, the wool comes from the sheep anyway, and British Muggle consumers will pay for it.Lockhart wants to tie the Extraordinary Apothecary Association to his warship, then he must show his strength, and if he wants to show this kind of strength, he can add a ^RyalJ to the label, which is undoubtedly the best good proof.As for the money... it's all outside the body.Lockhart's heart was bleeding.So Lockhart found a lawyer, brought the medicine and the license plate obtained by the Prime Minister's secretary, and found the door again, and got the authorization document issued by Charles himself.After finishing all these, 
   Extraordinary Potion
    can finally be sold legally.It has to be said that the face of the royal family is still easy to use. After Lockhart showed the royal authorization certificate, the managers of United Boots, TLC and other chain pharmacies not only agreed to sell this hair growth agent in their own pharmacies: they were even willing to sell it in their own pharmacies. Provide certain promotional window resources in the pharmacy.It’s just that they expressed dissatisfaction with Lockhart’s pricing—they thought that if Lockhart’s products were really as miraculous as they said, and could turn a bald man’s head into a waterfall within a week, then Pricing should definitely not be £5.   You can only supply 3000 bottles a week, that is to say, only 4 men can enjoy the treatment of this drug every week. But there are more than 20 million men in the UK, and the baldness rate is close to [-]%. In this case, you can consider setting the price at [-] pounds.
    That's what the other manager said.Lockhart hesitated:    Will no one buy it because it's too expensive?
   
   No, no, on the contrary, if it is only sold for 5 pounds, then no one will dare to buy it,
    the managers vowed.Therefore, Lockhart set the selling price of the medicine at 20 pounds, and the wholesale price at 10 pounds, leaving enough profit margin for the pharmacy.Drugstores are of course overjoyed—they also sell things, of course they like to sell best-selling products that don’t take up inventory and high-margin luxury goods, and this hair growth potion takes up both.Therefore, they promised in front of Lockhart that they would definitely give him the best publicity resources, and at the same time, before the sales data of the first week came out, they had already started to urge Lockhart to make up for the second week goods.Lockhart secretly inquired, and found that all the pharmacies in London had sold out of the hair tonic produced by Extraordinary Pharmacy.In other words, a bottle of hair tonic that had been diluted several times, and the cost of the medicinal materials was almost less than one Sickle, sold for nearly 1.5 Galleons in Lockhart's hands.Even after excluding the authorization fee to the royal family and the tax to be paid by the Muggles, Lockhart can still get 1 Galleon from it.According to his agreement with Granger, he only needs to pay Granger the price of 8 silver Sickles for a bottle. If all these medicines can be sold, Lockhart can earn 5 Galleons a week. , and the same goes for the Association of Extraordinary Pharmacists.Lockhart didn't intend to make a lot of money from it, but the situation is better than he imagined, and the supply is still in short supply for a bottle of 20 pounds, so he has no choice but to 
   take the money
   .He didn't immediately tell the Pharmacists' Association what he had calculated. Instead, he called Granger out after the next week's shipment was out of the factory, and showed him the bank's remittance certificate.As one could imagine, Granger was completely insane.
   All sold?
    he asked.
   It's all sold out.
    Luoha^[Si nodded.Granger first slapped himself, then smashed everything he could see in the room in front of Lockhart, then took out his wand and began to bleed himself.Lockhart had to use a Binding Charm to tie him firmly to the floor before he did any more stupid things, just to keep him a little quieter.Granger was lying on the dusty ground, but his face was still filled with a smirk: the words    satisfied
    were written between his eyebrows, and he was still talking nonsense■■:oo I'm going to buy 10 Sorcerer's Stones, 5 for potions, and 5 to attach to my new car and turn everything I can see into gold!    Lockhart didn't bother to say to him:    Okay...but before that, shouldn't you think of a way to expand the production capacity of the tonic?
   The question was so down-to-earth that Mr. Granger took it to heart at once.
   You're right, I want to call people from the association to a meeting... Tens of thousands of Galleons a week... They will all go crazy.
   As soon as Mr. Granger said that, he went to write a letter, preparing to send an owl. I believe that with such a huge dividend figure, all potion apothecaries will not be tempted.—The profit of tens of thousands of Galleons a week is more than 200 million Galleons a year; more than 1000 million pounds, which is considered the profit of a large enterprise even on the Muggle side.And in the wizarding world; this amount of money is already enough to turn the Extraordinary Apothecaries Society into a big fight: it has become a behemoth far exceeding the size of several broomstick manufacturers, and even the Ministry of Magic may not be richer than them.Lockhart could already imagine what kind of earthquake this would cause in the wizarding worldTo put it bluntly, what did the Association of Extraordinary Pharmacists do in this matter?What they paid was the raw materials for potions that couldn't be cheaper, hair growth spirits that even first-year students could make, and recruited a few potion apprentices. There was no threshold at all.Will anyone be jealous?There will definitely be, not only those shabby households, in the face of such profits, even those few purebloods that are still bright will not be able to control themselves.Will someone interfere?   
   
Chapter 133   
   
   Of course it will, not only Americans will raise doubts, even the Ministry of Magic will attack the Association of Extraordinary Pharmacists on the grounds of 
   selling magical products to Muggles at will
   .However, Lockhart didn't know whether the power of this kind of questioning could be compared with the weekly income of 5 Galleons, and he was also very interested in it.Chapter 280When I went to the clothes, I learned the name and the name.With a hopeful attitude, Lockhart divided the first sum of money with the Extraordinary Apothecaries Association, and returned to Hogsmeade on the pretext of organizing a competition, leaving a group of noisy potion masters behind. To discuss countermeasures, and the nickname is 
   not interfering with any decisions you make independently
   Mr. Granger and the others are not stupid. They know that after their business is completed, the Ministry of Magic will not be able to ignore these things.Even if the Ministry of Magic doesn't care, people who are jealous of their business will also care, and they can't hide this matter if they want to.As the saying goes, villains are hard to guard against. If people who have not benefited from them are stuck with raw materials, it will be fine to raise prices or something. It's not just a matter of buying and selling being confiscatedSo under the pressure, two factions immediately appeared within this loose pharmacist association.The first faction is a typical 
   grab and go
    thinking.They believe that the future is too uncertain, and they are also exploiting loopholes in the law, and transactions may go wrong at any time.But at the same time, what they are earning now is real money, so the top priority now is to recruit a group of short-term workers, quickly produce some potions and sell them quickly, and sell as many as possible before the law amendment is passed.The second faction is more serious and belongs to the 
   struggle faction
   These people argued that if they could earn 5 Galleons a week, that would be 270 million Galleons a year. With this amount of money, what officials of the Ministry of Magic could they not bribe?Even further, as long as there is enough money, if they want to influence the law, they canIt's not difficult, just like what Malfoy did to previous ministers, so you don't actually have to worry about people from the Ministry of Magic confiscating your business.Apart from these two factions, there are still some wizards who did not express their opinions. These people are mainly academic talents. It is true that they feel happy to get a lot of money, but if they can't make so much money in the future, they The days are still the same, quite Buddhist.These people calmly pointed out to the two factions that the Pharmacist Association, which lacks the protection of power, is not considered a local tyrant at all in the eyes of those pure bloods, but just a piece of fat.As long as the wizards objected, it would be useless for them to have more money, because it was very likely that it was not just about money.These words reminded Mr. Granger—the current organization of the Extraordinary Pharmacist Association is too loose.In the past, these potion masters could not do any great things together.In addition to formulating potion standards and discussing drug pricing, they usually help each other with some work.For example, if someone is short of materials recently, borrow some dragon claw powder or African wood vs. snake skin from each other. The best thing is to see if the peers have developed any new potion formulas recently, and learn about the 
   frontier trends
    in this industry.Such an association is not so much a guild as an industry exchange meeting.Although it has a political component, the focus has not been on politics because the members lack too many relationships of common interests.The money from the sale of the Tomato-Spirit was a windfall. While it brought hope to the people of the Pharmacists Association, it also forced these people into a position where they had to care about politics.But now it seems that these wizards are not ready for this.It seems that if we want to solve this problem, we need to find a professional, Granger thought.So after the meeting adjourned, Mr. Granger went to Hogsmeade without thinking long, and found Lockhart who was processing foreign tourist visas there.
   Give us an idea, Gilderoy, and you don't want this deal to be stopped, do you? That's a lot of money,
    he said.In this internal exchange meeting, the only consensus reached by all the potion pharmacists was that they should not take the initiative to stop the delivery.
    Even if they were forcibly blocked in the end, they would never voluntarily give up the transaction. But other than that, they haven't reached any resolutions.It's not that they don't know how to do the best, but that they don't have a unified decision-making mechanism internally, and they don't have a set of rules and procedures to restrict what everyone should not do, and they don't have a responsibility mechanism, so no one is willing to do it. head.It can be said that all of this was within Lockhart's expectations.But at this time, he had to pretend to be confused and wait for Granger to propose before he could tell his true purpose.
   We can buy our own staff in the Ministry of Magic like the Malfoys did,
    Lockhart said.Granger said he had no opinion:    We have considered this, and everyone thinks it is a good idea, but no one is willing to take special responsibility.
   Lockhart raised the wine glass in his hand and toasted each other:    Since this is the case, then I have another way - we can recruit more apprentices, it is best to choose people from middle-class families, so that we I have won many allies. And these people are not recruited in vain, in addition to hair growth spirit, I plan to sell other potions in the future.
   To Lockhart's toast, Granger seemed a little absent-minded:    We have also considered this. If we want to expand production and develop new drugs, we need to recruit at least 50 more people.
   
   In that case, what else do you have to worry about?
    Lockhart asked back.Granger sighed:    It's just a matter of gain and loss. If we never had this money, we can continue to live in the past, but... this money is reallynow is too muchAfter all, he poured a strong drink into his mouth.As a master of potions, Granger seldom drinks this kind of drink that affects the accuracy of his thinking and actions, but he has drank a lot in the past two days, which shows that he is under a lot of pressure
   Don't worry, you don't have to worry about the jealousy of the pure-blood family.
    Lockhart comforted him, 
   Don't think that you will earn more than 20 yuan because of the hair growth spirit, but compared with the oil business that is about to generate income, your little sale Drug income is nothing to mention.
   
   Oil? You mean the deal you did with the purebloods?
    Granger was a little curious. 
   I've only heard about it before...how much does it make?
   
   Lupin said that the combined output of several oil fields can reach 30 barrels of oil per day. Now the price of a barrel of oil is 20 US dollars, which means that the daily income is about 43 Galleons... Of course, all costs must be thrown away, and we It is also impossible to mine at full capacity every day, and the income may not be that much in the end.
    Lockhart said lightly what Mr. Granger could not calm down.
   40 per day?
    He asked in disbelief.
   Yes, if you consider that the current price of oil is at a low point in 20 years, you can earn more in the future... Well, now you don't have to worry about pure blood jealousy, right?
    Lockhart asked with a smile.Granger nodded again and again:    Yeah, don't worryChapter 280 Profit DrivenAlthough he was no longer worried that the purebloods would be jealous, Granger's problem was still unresolved. He still needed to find a way to ensure the safety of his transaction, and he also needed to find a way to settle it within the association.
   Let me give you an idea.
    Lockhart said to him, 
   Now is a good opportunity for you to use this coming dividend income to build your own organization within the Pharmacists' Association.
   
   How?
    Granger asked sensitively.To be honest, Granger didn't have much desire for power, but after yesterday's meeting he realized one thing, that is, as long as a person wants to make a difference, he can't get around politics.So now Granger can't help but have the idea of ​​completely controlling the association, instead of just being a nominal president like now, no matter what reasonable suggestions he puts forward, no one can implement themBut he didn't know what to do.The Pharmacists Association is not a bureaucratic organization, so there are no so-called superiors and subordinates, and personnel rights are equivalent to non-existence.And what about property rights?Neither did he.Because everyone is a 
   technical shareholder
   , which is considered a 
   joint venture
   , and the pre-negotiated share agreement is also there; Granger can't suddenly go back and say that the price of the agreed deal will not be given to others, so he can't control the internal personnel.But Lockhart seemed to disagree.
   Actually, you have a big advantage now.
    Lockhart said to him, 
   It just depends on whether you are willing to do it.
   Granger didn't think that he had any advantages, he thought about it before tryingThen he asked, 
   Because I handled this matter from the beginning to the end.
   
   No.
    Lockhart denied his idea:    Your greatest advantage is 'no position'
   Granger frowned, because that didn't sound like a good word to Lockhart.
   The people on both sides are my friends, and I have to be responsible for everyone. Besides, everyone is out to make money, so there are actually not so many conflicts.
    Granger defended himself.
   Yes: But if the stalemate continues, you don't even want to make any decisions.    Lockhart shook the cup in his hand easily, with a playful expression on his face, 
   Besides, the reason why you came to me is not because Have you found yourself unable to cover yourself?
   Granger had nothing to say, so he kept silent.Seeing him like this, Lockhart is not easy to force him, after all, his purpose is to add an ally, not an enemy.'Come on,' no position' isn't necessarily a bad thing when it comes to leadership. He comforted the other party and said, 
   Let me confirm first, members of the Association of Extraordinary Pharmacists, there should be no objection to making money, right?
    
   
   Of course not. I haven't met anyone in this world who doesn't like money.
    Granger complained.
   That's good... Look, isn't there a chance here?
    Lockhart lowered his voice.— Two days later, Granger returned to the Association of Pharmacists, and issued several new decisions in front of all members:From now on, the Association of Extraordinary Pharmacists has changed to a membership invitation system, that is, two full members must be invited and guaranteed before joining the membership and becoming an associate member. Associate members do not have the right to invite.After becoming an associate member, the member must pay 1.5% of the monthly income as a membership feeHowever, if he has made    outstanding contributions
    to the association, or after paying membership dues for 20 consecutive years, he can become a full member.In addition, the association plans to set up several branches, including the 
   Applicable Muggle Drug Research Committee
   , 
   Potion Standards Development Committee
   , 
   Quality Inspection Committee
   
   Botanical Medicinal Materials Management Committee
   
   Miraculous Biological Medicinal Materials Management Committee
   Commercial Sponsorship Committee
    and 
   Policy Research Committee
   , etc., these committeesMembers of the committee can only be full membersAccording to Granger, the restructuring of the association is to improve the potion market and improve the overall quality of potions, and at the same time provide high-quality services and life guarantees for members who are interested in researching and producing potions.Regarding the restructuring proposed by him, the original members of the association had mixed opinions.One of the biggest controversies is the 
   membership fee
   , which is completely out of line with the tradition of the Society of Extraordinary Pharmacists.It's not that everyone is short of this little money, but no one likes to hand over the money they earn for no reason, even for paying taxes, let alone membership fees.Everyone is not a fool, Granger obviously did this not only for the 
   healthy market
    in his mouth, but to control the potion market and increase his personal power in the association.Although everyone understands, none of them can deny the reason Granger said
   We must unite, otherwise you all know how many people will be jealous and slandered by this money.We need allies, we need to lobby the Ministry of Magic, we need to use our social influence to let all wizards know that we are working for the well-being of all wizards, only in this way can we survive. 
   According to Granger's plan, if the Association of Extraordinary Pharmacists wants to securely obtain this income, they must make more than half of the wizarding society think that their actions are beneficial, and everyone agrees on this point.In addition, the members of the pharmacists' association have another worry in their hearts—that is, the threshold for creating a living spirit is too low, so low that even a wizard can do it.What if a wizard sees that the hair spirit is making money, and then sets up a workshop privately to steal their business?Compared with lobbying the wizarding world, they were more worried that others would rob them of their business, so the 
   Potions Standards Committee
    and 
   Quality Management Committee
    proposed by Granger immediately became the focus of everyone's attention.That's right, if the Association of Extraordinary Pharmacists can be turned into the only legal 
   exporter
    through the management of 
   standards
    and 
   quality
   , wouldn't it mean that the money can only be earned by these people.Out of this thought, they decided to compromise with Granger, even if they had to pay some dues.
   How are you going to get stewardship of standards and quality?
    they began asking.Granger has long been prepared:    I want to set up several non-profit organizations in the name of the Association of Extraordinary Apothecaries, such as 
   Retired Auror Nursing Home
   , 
   Potions Charity Aid Society: and    Hogwarts Potions Committee Peisheng Scholarship Program' to enable our association to provide more social benefits;Next, we must have a good talk with the suppliers of medicinal materials, and try to come up with several framework agreements. On the basis of increasing the purchase price of medicinal materials by 50%, we require them to strictly guarantee the supply of quality and quantity. Sooner or later, these people will become our steadfast allies.In addition, I am also planning to acquire the magazine 
   Frontiers of Pharmacy
   , and at the same time invest in the purchase of 5% of the shares in 
   Daily Prophet
   , so as to publicize our concept of serving the society in magazines and newspapers;Considering the popularity of Quidditch, I also plan to sponsor a Quidditch team in the name of the association, such as the Tuthill Tornado team...
   Ci Spoon Q/r Sheep lFollowing this roar, another wizard at the round table stood up angrily.
   Why sponsor the Tornados? They're rich enough! Don't you know that my favorite team, the Falmouth Falcons, have been financially strapped for a long time?
   Granger, who was reciting the manuscript, was suddenly interrupted, and his mind hadn't turned around for a while, so he stayed where he was.Fortunately, no one cared about his expression at this time, another wizard also stood up, and roared at the wizard who stood up earlier:   I object! Since we want to sponsor, of course we must sponsor the best and most famous team. Besides, we are fucking rich, can you control it?
   Obviously, this is also a Tornado fan.It's a pity that the debate between the two did not arouse the agreement of the rest of the people. On the issue of Quidditch, everyone has their own ideas.
   I propose the 
   Holyhead Harpies
   , as we all know, it is a team where all members are witches, and the effect of attracting attention is definitely better than that of the Tornado team.###
   I would suggest Puddlemere United, they have used their team song to raise charitable funds for St. Mungo's Hospital, which is very much in line with the purpose of our association...
   Listening to the cheerful discussions of these wizards, the corners of Granger's eyes, who were sitting on the main seat, couldn't help twitching.These bastards totally miss the point...Chapter 280 Small ActionsAfter seeing the restructuring statement issued by the Association of Extraordinary Pharmacists in the newspaper, Lockhart knew that he had another solid ally in his future political career.After reaching this point, it is impossible for the Extraordinary Pharmacist Association to stay out of the matter, unless they don't want that continuous and stable income.As long as they're in: the breeders and magizoologists who grow herbs can no longer remain silent, since the Apothecaries' Guild is their biggest client.In other words, Professor Sprout and Newt Scamander's neutrals will also become a political force to support themselves. There is nothing more perfect than this.When he was in a good mood, Lockhart even wrote a lot more elegantly, and the cursive characters in his signature had several bends.Until he received the paper airplane from Hessica Jones.   
   
Chapter 134   
   
   The above information is not complicated, but the information revealed behind it makes Lockhart can't help but raise his vigilance.The content of the message was simple: Karkaroff, the headmaster of Durmstrang, made a request to the British Ministry of Magic and Hogwarts, saying that the Five-wizard Tournament should be held every three years, and each The school selected two warriors: a senior student from grade 5-7, and a junior student from grade 4.As for the reason he put forward, it is also very convincing-according to the ancient competition system, the Triwizard Tournament is held every 5 years, so if it is still necessary to follow the    17-year-old wizard is allowed to register
   , there will be a batch of Students in this age group are destined not to be able to sign up for the competition.For example, a 4th grade student who is 15 years old this year, according to the rules, he cannot sign up for this competition, but when the second Triwizard Tournament is held in another 5 years, he has already graduated.So his student career will definitely leave regrets.Therefore, based on the principle of fairness, the organizer of the competition should allow the junior group and the senior group to compete separately, and change the competition system to be held every 3 years, so as to avoid students missing the selectionAfter reading the content on the paper airplane, Lockhart couldn't help complaining crazily.What 
   a fourth-grade student
   ?Just report Harry Potter's name directly.Without saying a word, he got into the fireplace and went straight to the sports department.
   What does Durmstrang mean?
    He held up the paper airplane and asked, 
   Why did you suddenly change the competition system? You should know that there is only two weeks left before the curtain call, and we don't have time to change it at all?
   Hessica Jones spread his hands at him with an innocent face:    This is not only proposed by the headmaster of Durmstrang, he is a motion jointly proposed by the Norwegian Ministry of Magic, and the US Ministry of Magic and the French Ministry of Magic The Ministry also agrees.
   
   Agreed? Why?
    Lockhart asked in surprise.
   It's not because they see us making money, they also want to make money.
    Jones sneered, 
   It can not only have a good reputation, but also make money, and at the same time expand the influence of domestic products. How can such a good thing last 5 years?
    Do it only once?
   Lockhart thought for a moment before he understood.No one likes to pay taxes, and the economic model of the wizarding world is mainly based on the tertiary industry: and the wizarding world has no traceable regulatory channels such as electronic payment or bank bills, so it is difficult for the ministries of magic of all countries to get rid of these Taxes are collected on the event.However, all the money earned from hosting the competition goes to the Ministry of Magic or the Magic Congress, and the tickets can be collected directly, and the sponsorship fee can also be directly obtained from the company, which is a very convenient income-generating channel to manage.In addition, because it is not compulsory, this method of collecting money will not be like collecting taxes.In the same way, the wizards complained.Even because it can promote their own culture and products, the Ministry of Magic of each country can gain the favor of their own companies, only accepting favors and not grudgesOf course, everyone is willing to do this kind of    stable profit without loss
    business, so it is reasonable to propose to hold it in 5 years instead of 3 years, and Hai Sijia Jones also thinks it is normal.But—but this motion was proposed by Igor Karkaroff, which made Lockhart feel vigilant.Karkaroff is a former Death Eater, and because he does not have the financial resources and political influence of the Malfoy family, he naturally has no way to follow Malfoy's example and falsely claim that he has been under the Imperius Curse.The excuse of being under the Imperius Curse is actually very easy to see through, because the Imperius Curse needs to have a caster, and its source can be traced, so this excuse can only be used by Malfoy, it’s fine if everyone understands it, other people can’t use it this excuse.Karkaroff's escape from prison was clumsy - he made a political deal with Barty Crouch, then Director of Law Enforcement, and sold out the rest of the Death Eaters in exchange for Free yourself.In addition to Snape and Luke Wood of the Department of Mysteries, he also betrayed a lot of internal information about Death Eaters. It can be said that his personal freedom was exchanged for the freedom of a dozen Death Eaters and some of Voldemort's secrets .It is certainly impossible to keep a person like this after Voldemort's resurrection.As the saying goes, 
   If you kill one person and shake the entire army, kill him; if you kill one person and make everyone happy, kill him.
   Although those Death Eaters are just slightly easier tools in Voldemort's eyes, and it doesn't matter if one or two die, but even if they are tools, don't they need to be maintained diligently.Killing Karkaroff can vent the Death Eaters' anger and enhance theirCohesion, and incidentally avoiding the next traitor, who Voldemort would happily dismember in public.Not to mention that due to Karkaroff's betrayal, many Death Eaters who were truly loyal to Voldemort failed to find him in time.If one or two people as loyal as the Lestranges or Crouch had found Voldemort, he might have recovered in a year or two.Karkaroff didn't dare to return to the Death Eaters, and he didn't dare to hold a group with the Order of the Phoenix for warmth, so as long as Voldemort returns, he will die.So Lockhart didn't doubt that Karkaroff was helping Voldemort, and Voldemort would never believe Karkaroff, a traitor, before he was resurrected.But it was hardly a coincidence that Karkaroff made a suggestion that was very beneficial to Voldemort's purposes at this time.Lockhart could see this innocence as a coincidence, but he wouldn't, especially when he knew Crouch Jr. was a thoughtful man.He decided to talk to old Crouch.
   ... I have no objection to changing the competition system to a three-year competition, but it must be too late to arrange new events temporarily. So the addition of junior groups... I'm afraid it won't work.
    Lockhart told Jones.
   So, can we only add the lower grade group, and who will participate in the Yidan project?, Can it be decided by the school itself before the competition? ’ asked Jones inquiringly.Lockhart categorically rejected her suggestion:    Does this make sense? They will definitely let senior players do it.
   
   Then why don't you take turns?
   
   This is even more absurd. Among the events we arranged for the competition, only the second one is suitable for junior students...Jones, why do you have to include the junior group in the competition?
   Well...
    Jones looked a little embarrassed, 
   Because Harry Potter, if he is selected for the Warriors, there will definitely be a lot of people watching the game.You see, our Sports Department’s budget for this year is still a bit short…”Damn capitalism… Lockhart cursed under his breath.
   I'm playing games in Tokyo
   Liu Shuixin's new work.Those who have read his previous 
   Book of Demons
   , 
   Warhammer 40k
    and 
   Painting Books in Dongying
    should know his strength.As long as you can finish the book, the book is still very interesting.And this guy was one of the main culprits who tricked me into Happy Books. As a result, I opened a book here and he ran away.Chapter Push:    I Play Games in Tokyo
   The author of this book is Liu Shuixin, regardless of other things, the writing skills and the quality of the plot are absolutely guaranteed.Those who have read his previous 
   Book of Demons
   , 
   Warhammer
    and 
   Painting Books in Dongying
    should know his strength. For authors of this level, there is no need to go into details. That's the author.He was also one of the culprits who tricked me into Happy Books, but I opened a book here and he ran away.I read the contents of this new book, and the beginning is very solid, with all the necessary information, and the industry the protagonist is engaged in is also very close to Liu Shuixin’s current job, so it’s not just made up. 
   You have something (Huang Ge face factory)As for the style of writing...By the way, let me reveal a little news, Liu Shuixin is also from Wuhan. It is said that the seafood market where the epidemic was discovered was only two streets away from his home. It is full of the atmosphere of excess hormones, so no matter what aspect of this new book, you can look forward to it.
   I'm playing games in Tokyo
   Chapter 280 Three Loyal Red Gallant CurseAfter hearing Lockhart's speculation about Karkaroff, the newly appointed Defense Against the Dark Arts professor, Alastor Moody, agreed.
   That despicable, cowardly villain would never dare to return to the ranks of Death Eaters. I caught him with my own hands. No one knows him better than me.
    Moody assertedSeeing that Moody had the same views as his own, Lockhart became more firm in his judgment.
   Since that's the case, who made Karkaroff propose to join the junior group in the Big Five Tournament?
    Lockhart wondered.He was sure Karkaroff didn't know about it, and Lockhart didn't know how Crouch Jr. planned to help Voldemort get Harry's blood, but he just instinctively thought that the sudden proposal to change the selection of warriors must It was written by Crouch Jr. and Voldemort, but Lockhart couldn't tell others about this reason.He couldn't tell others, because Rowling didn't write Karkaroff's proposal, so he doubted it, right?Fortunately, the object of Lockhart's question was Alastor Moody.If it was anyone else, hearing Lockhart think that there was a conspiracy in Karkaroff's proposal, he would definitely think that Lockhart was paranoid, but only Moody would not think so.Instead, he admired Lockhart's alertness.
   You're right, it's better for us to be vigilant about such abnormal things.Moody first praised Lockhart, and then told him something that happened more than ten years ago.
   Karkaroff's job at the time was to help Voldemort contact Grindelwald in Northern EuropeLeaving the remnants of the voodoo party behind and convincing them to work for Voldemort, so I wouldn't be at all surprised if Karkaroff knew someone who secretly helped Crouch Jr. 
   
   There are still remnants of the voodoo party in Norway?
    Lockhart was a little surprised.Moody's magic eyes turned to Lockhart:    What do you think? When Grindelwald attacked Norway and Denmark, their wizards joined with almost no resistance, and after his defeat, the Norwegian Witch Party was the last Surrendered.
   
   I see. I didn't expect that the voodoo party and the Germans would act at exactly the same pace.
    Lockhart laughed dumbfounded.In this way, the explanation makes sense. It is precisely because of Karkaroff's 
   wide network
    in Norway that he escaped from prison and ran to Northern Europe, and even became the principal of Durmstrang.However, although he did well there, he might not really have many confidantes, otherwise he wouldn't have been used by little Crouch.If Lockhart remembers correctly, after Voldemort returned, Karkaroff immediately resigned and ran away in fright and went into seclusion. However, it was of no use. The Death Eaters still found him and killed him.The place where he died was a hidden log cabin. If no one betrayed his whereabouts, it would be difficult for the Death Eaters to find him even with the Tracking Spell blocked.But he is also very pitiful, he doesn't even have a friend who can be entrusted with the Loyalty Scarlet Curse.The old Crouch's explanation also corroborated Lockhart's judgment.When visiting his retired old leader, the old Crouch probably also felt the filial piety of his son, so he had to find a way to plan for his grandson's future, otherwise when the little Crouch came to the door, he would definitely take Wu Mlitch was killed along with the child in her womb.So he made a deal with Lockhart again - he wanted 
   Defense Against the Dark Arts
   
   Master
    Lockhart helped him protect Umbridge until the child in her womb was born.Lockhart agreed to him, and then went to Dumbledore to learn the Loyalty Curse from him.The principal was not ambiguous, and directly taught Lockhart the Loyalty and Scarlet Curse.After learning the spell, Lockhart was caught in two huge questions.Because the effect of the Loyalty Scarlet Curse is to 
   hide a place in the soul of a wizard, unless the wizard has the intention to reveal it, otherwise the secret will not be leaked
   , and it does not restrict the secret keeper from entering the hidden place, so This creates some logical problems.It is a good habit to ask any questions, and Lockhart didn't intend to be polite to Dumbledore, so he asked his own questions directly.
   So, can a wizard be loyal to his family?Dumbledore replied immediately, 
   Of course.
   Lockhart nodded, and said to himself that it was indeed the case. Later, Bill Weasley acted as the secret keeper of himself and Hibiscus Shell Cottage. This shows that it is feasible to protect himself.But in this way, the problem is even bigger.
   If this could be done, then why didn't the Potters come to act as their secret keeper? That way they wouldn't be betrayed by anyone else.
    Lockhart seemed a little confused, 
   And if two people who trust each other If people serve as secret keeper of each other's mansion, wouldn't that be impenetrable?
   Dumbledore shook his head:    You still don't understand the principle of the Loyalty Curse, let's use the Muggle items as an example - if the Loyalty Curse is a safe, then the secret keeper's soul is opened The key to the safe, do you understand?
   
   I understand, but...
   
   What if you wanted to put the key in the safe?
   Lockhart understood:    Then the safe would never lock again, at least not while the key was in the safe.
   
   Yes, a wizard can be the secret-keeper of his own family, but when he returns home, the home will be undefended. If James was the protector of his own family back then, then he who was targeted by the Death Eaters would be Never go home again.
    Dumbledore explained in detail.Lockhart continued to make inferences:    That is to say, if two or three people keep secrets from each other, then there is always one person's home that cannot be kept secret.
   
   Yes.
    Dumbledore confirmed his deduction.Lockhart rolled his eyes, and thought of another ghost idea:   Then... if you combine the 
   Loyalty Curse
    and 
   Unbreakable Vow
   , don't you have to worry about Peter's betrayal? For example, let Peter sign an oath of secrecy, and then Let him keep it a secret.Hearing what he said, Dumbledore shook his head again and again:    It is theoretically possible to do this, but it has a high probability that it will not happen. Even if it did happen, I am afraid it will only have a little effect, or even have a counterproductive effect.
    .”
   how come?
   
   Since the person to be kept secret is the friend who 
   absolutely trusts
    and will let the other party act as the keeper, then he will never doubt that he will be betrayed by that friend.But if you ask the secret keeper to sign the 
   unbreakable oath
   , this in itself means that you don't trust the secret keeper.Think about it, when a person feels that he is being suspected by his friends, he is still willing to keep that person a secret.Even if you want to, because the effect of 
   unbreakable oath
    is only 
   death by breach of contract
   , so when this person is caught by Death Eaters and tortured, it is very likely that he will deliberately break the contract in order to die quickly.After all, the person being kept secret doesn't trust me, and I'm not worth fighting for him to the end—do you think that's the truth? 
   
   No wonder.
    Lockhart finally fully understood, 
   What can truly protect people is friendship and love.
   Dumbledore liked the idea.Chapter 280 Crouch's DealAfter confirming Umbridge's safety, the old Crouch finally let go of Lockhart's chatterbox.
   The deal I made with Karkaroff back then was not just about giving him freedom.
    He admitted frankly, 
   I also asked him for the contact person of the mysterious person in Europe, and the price was to ensure his safety and not to pursue him again.
    him, and give him a job.
   
   What do you want those things for?
    Lockhart asked curiously.Now, Crouch has nothing to hide:    It's very simple, if I become the Minister of Magic, then I need to deal with the Ministry of Magic all over Europe.
   Lockhart is also an understanding person, and Crouch understands it when he says this.Before the old Crouch's son was exposed as a Death Eater, he was proud and powerful, so he made preparations early on to become the Minister of Magic. diplomatic preparations.If he has evidence of transactions between a large number of mysterious people and nobles and dignitaries of various countries, whether it is used to blackmail or befriend the righteous forces in Europe, these things are very useful, but it is a pity that Crouch Jr. All plans were disrupted.
   So, does your son know you have these things?
    Lockhart askedCrouch hesitated for a moment, and then nodded solemnly:    Although I haven't told him, he probably already knows... But even if he doesn't know: the mysterious man definitely knows.   Lockhart thought so too.Voldemort chose to flee to Albania after his defeat, obviously because he thought it was the safest place, and this safety was definitely not all because there was a forest there, but because the political climate in Albania was also suitable for Voldemort to be there
   
   
Chapter 135   
   
   To live, he may still hope that the Albanian black wizard will be bewitched by himOld Crouch knew that Lockhart would never stand idly by after asking these questions, so he took the initiative to hand over all the confidential diplomatic documents in his possession before Lockhart raised them.According to old Crouch, according to his age, it will take about 10 years for Lockhart to become the Minister of Magic, and another ten years to be in power. This period of time is enough for his grandson to grow up and receive education.It's useless to keep these things in my own hands, and they will only become worthless after another 20 years. It's better to give them to Lockhart for favors.After getting these items, Lockhart thought about it carefully, and then made a decisionHe wants to hire old Crouch to be his 
   translator
   , which is actually a political consultant.Although old Crouch has completely cut off his political future, it doesn't mean that he has lost his usefulness. His knowledge, connections, and understanding of wizarding politics are beyond the reach of ordinary people.It can even be said that just because Crouch himself is no longer able to hold any public office, Lockhart can rest assured of him.He was his grandson's secret keeper, and at the same time he knew everything about him, and he was doing a job that Crouch was very familiar with. In addition, the Department of International Affairs and Cooperation in the post-Crouch era also needed a backbone, Lockhart felt Hiring old Crouch himself would definitely do more good than harm.Crouch certainly won't refuse, or that's his purpose.Because the period from when he was forced to step down to when his grandson grew up was too long, to the point where the Crouch family could easily be forgotten, and he was very worried that if he just stayed at home and educated his grandson, the world would not be happy. will take the crouch family from powerSqueeze out of the central circle.But if I use the resources at hand to help Lockhart when his foothold is not stable, then Lockhart will naturally become the best transition for his grandson to grow up.This is just a deal, Crouch understands it, and Lockhart understands it, but neither of them will say it outright.Due to the lack of enough opposition voices, the British Ministry of Magic finally agreed to the 
   absurd request
    to increase the junior group under the pressure of the Norwegians and the French, and at this time there were only a few days left before the beginning of October.With the help of Crouch, Lockhart finally figured out who made the suggestion to Karkaroff through various relationships.It was an old Norwegian aristocratic family, surnamed Nin. The greatest achievement of this family was the introduction of Quidditch to Northern Europe.But judging from the information that old Crouch traded from Karkaroff, this family was very active during the Grindelwald Rebellion, and many family members joined the Witch Party, even in the Witch Party. The party also acted as a leading party when it attacked Norway.During the first Voldemort rebellion, Karkaroff had contact with the Nin family, and after Voldemort was defeated by Harry's mother, the Nin family refused the inspection of the Norwegian Ministry of Magic and insisted that their family and Voldemort There is no relationship between that maniac.But Crouch knew that those guys had decided to invite Voldemort to visit Northern Europe before Voldemort's downfall, but they didn't make it in the end.Lockhart is very suspicious that Voldemort and Crouch Jr. contacted the Nin family and asked them to come forward to find Karkaroff.Because since Karkaroff became the principal, Durmstrang's student resources have gradually become tight in recent years. They are not financially well off and they can only start accepting social donations earlier. It is difficult for Karkaroff to refuse the big benefactor. A request from the Nien family.Karkaroff may not have the guts to help Voldemort, but he can't discern the purpose of the Nin family, so he can still only be used.Not to mention Karkaroff, without knowing the inside story, it is impossible for anyone to know what the Nien family's purpose is for doing this.Only Lockhart instinctively sensed something was wrong, but he still had no evidence.He was sure that even if he asked Nien's family, they would only insist that they made such a suggestion for commercial purposes.It can only be said that Crouch Jr. deserves to be a member of the Crouch family. Even if he did not attack Old Moody, he was still helping Voldemort in his own way.Little Crouch will definitely help Voldemort complete the resurrection ceremony, and he will definitely find a way to help Voldemort get the 
   blood that the enemy is forced to donate
    that Voldemort wants.It's just that even if the junior group is added, Harry may not become a Hogwarts warrior, and even if Harry becomes a Hogwarts warrior, how does Little Crouch plan to get Harry to the ceremony? This was something Lockhart didn't know.But it doesn't matter, because in Lockhart's plan, he also planned to let Voldemort get Harry's blood, but he couldn't let Harry's life be threatened.God knows that the plot has changed so much, whether Voldemort will have a brain twitch and have a big friendship PK with Harry in front of all the Death Eaters.It is undoubtedly very embarrassing to ensure that Harry will not be in danger and let Voldemort get Harry's blood.But Lockhart intends to challenge and try, and by the way, kill Crouch Jr.Chapter 280 Five 
   Swelling
    PotionAfter an uncomfortable trip to the World Cup, Harry and his two little friends finally returned to Hogwarts, back to the dormitory that made them dream about.After entering the fourth grade, their homework pressure suddenly increased. Not only did Charms and Transfiguration become more and more difficult, but even the Defense Against the Dark Arts and Protection of Magical Creatures, which Harry was good at, began to make him feel uncomfortable. Some can't bear it.After finishing a class on the protection of magical creatures, Harry and the three walked towards the castle listlessly, all covered in smoke.
   I'm starting to regret helping Hagrid with the lawsuit.
    Hermione said to Harry and the others, 
   Look...he hasn't learned his lesson at all.
   According to the syllabus, they should study salamanders in this class.Hermione not only previewed the habits and care methods of the salamander in advance, but even taught herself the content of the superclass, that is, how to take the blood of the salamander without getting angry or afraid.But after class everyone was dumbfounded—Hagrid said that it wasn't very interesting, as long as there was a fire, the salamander would get in by itself.So in this class, what he prepared for these little guys was a new species of creature he had just hybridized—fried-tailed snails.Although Harry's friendship with Hagrid remained loyal, he had to admit that Hermione was right that Hagrid might not be very suitable to be a professor of protection of magical creatures.After the Hippogriff incident, Hagrid has a tendency to intensify. An ordinary class starts with 3X-level creatures. Whenever he gives everyone a class with a smile on his face, they will feel it in their hearts. Tight - because that usually means Hagrid has brought another 
   big one
   According to the senior students, the previous professor of protection of magical creatures was alsoIt was crazy enough that it was Kettleburn, and the students were relieved when they heard he had resigned.But what I didn't expect was that the new teacher was even worse than Kettleburn. If it wasn't for the students' strong dissuasion, the new professor would even want to show them the eight-eyed giant spider.Hermione was very happy at first, because not every professor would teach NEWTs in lower grade classes, but then Hagrid's unconstrained style also made her complain, because there is still a difference between 
   advanced
    and 
   supernormal
   .In short, she really regrets it now. If the Hippogriff had been punished a little earlier, Hagrid would not be as drifting as he is now.On the good side of writing, as long as we can graduate from Hagrid, then we will not have to worry about work. 
   Ron comforted them and said, 
   I've heard from Charlie that several farms at home and abroad have recommended places for graduates of Haiger. They'll give him a job. 
   
   Yeah, that's why the students who took his class didn't dare to withdraw.
    Harry subconsciously looked back at the location of Hagrid's wooden house behind him.Hagrid made a small fortune recently. The Extraordinary Apothecaries Association ordered a large amount of Acantaraman venom from him, saying that it was going to be made into medicine and sold to Muggles, so Hagrid was going to buy another batch of animal cubs. By the way, he also refurbished his cabin, and built two animal pens.Of course, this cannot be hidden from the students of Hogwarts. Apart from their envy and jealousy, they also learned that learning the knowledge of protecting magical creatures is not only a hobby, but also can make money, so naturally no one will quit. Take this course.Hagrid can get rich: of course Harry is happy) Harry beat Hermione for it,What kind of potion can the venom of the acromantula make, and it can even be sold to Muggles.But Hermione blushed and didn't answer Harry's question for the first time until I   I was forced to say a mang emergency potion.
   Harry felt that this was impossible, because no matter how much wizards took advantage of the loopholes in the secrecy law, it was impossible to directly sell invisibility potions, which were obviously not serious things, to Muggles.So when Harry was doing his homework in the library, he dug through the books on potions seriously for the first time, trying to find out what the acromander venom was for.Then he understood why Hermione didn't want to answer him—it turned out that the venom of the giant spider can block some nerves and blood vessels after dilution, and it can act as a 
   swelling potion
    on the local area of ​​men, and The potency can last for 4 hours.Harry was shocked—if this potion was sold on the Muggle side, it would definitely sell like crazy, at least his Uncle Vernon would definitely pay for it, so he wouldn't drive his aunt to the motel When washing the car, it only took 2 minutes to get the car out again.It looked like Hagrid was going to get rich.In addition to Hagrid, Professor McGonagall and Professor Flitwick also increased the intensity of teaching in order to cope with the five-wizard competition. Professor Sprout also claimed that 
   in order to cope with changes in the situation
   , she temporarily added 
   magic magic
    to the syllabus. 
   Plant Thought Management
   , because only by learning this well can they grow magic medicinal materials in batches.As for Snape, let alone, the sudden demand for potions apprentices in the job market forced Snape to relax the recruitment criteria for advanced potions classes, and added a lot of practical lessons to the curriculum. .He even asked the students to memorize the recipes of fifteen general potions and the quick configuration process, which made Harry and the others complain endlessly.Facing the destruction of the professors, the students are powerless to resist, because they all know that even if the lawsuit goes to their parents, the parents will only let these childrenkids study hardUnder such circumstances, all Hogwarts students began to look forward to the Big Five Tournament, because they knew that as long as the competition started, they would get a little respite.And this moment was finally what they had been waiting for.The magic schools in Europe and America, which were originally scheduled to come at the end of October, decided to come to Hogwarts together on October [-]st due to the increase in events, so as not to be able to arrange the follow-up competitions in time.Dumbledore also notified the students at Hogwarts in advance, asking them to gather outside the auditorium on the night of October [-]st to welcome the students and principals of each school.
   It's definitely going to be grand,
    Ron assured Harry, 
   Dad said, the Ministry of Magic has prepared a lot for it, Lockhart even invited the Muggle Prime Minister to watchBoth Harry and Hermione were taken aback:    Prime Minister? Are you sure?
   Ron didn't take it as seriously as the two of them, because in his perception thisIt is a common thing:    Yes, let him open his eyes, it will be convenient for us to do business in the futurea lot of.
   It seems that after we graduate, we have another employment channel.
    Harry joked.Although Harry was surprised, he didn't realize the seriousness of the matter at this time, so he even had the mood to worry about the Muggle Prime Minister.But he only needs to wait for a while, and he has no time to worry about these.Chapter 280 Six Flapping Wings in the Muggle WorldIn order to ensure the safety of the guests, the retired old Auror Moody decided to act as the security guard of Hogwarts himself.Like Lockhart, he believed that behind the temporary restructuring of the Goblet of Fire, there must be shadows of Voldemort and his accomplices haunting, so he must personally check the reception of guests.Under the gaze of his magic eyes, even if someone drinks compound potion or becomes invisible, he can't hide his original appearance, which is Moody's confidence.Although leaving a ferocious old Auror guarding the door seems to hinder the 
   international viewing
   , Fudge is not a person who does not know the severity. After experiencing the two vicious incidents in the World Cup, Fudge is not guaranteed to compete for the hegemony. There will be no accidents during the process, so I hold my nose and admit it.Anyway, Fudge wanted nothing more from him than to entertain guests from all over the world, give speeches, and appear in newspapers.Most of the jobs that belonged to Lockhart were taken by Fudge, but Lockhart didn't care much about that.He has already obtained the benefits and contacts that he should get from the sponsors, and he also has his own channels if he wants to be published in the newspaper, so he doesn't care much.On the contrary, the economic channel to the Muggles is more important to Lockhart, because this is the cornerstone of his power throne.On the afternoon of October [-]st, Lockhart invited the Prime Minister and a large group of oil investment circles to a meeting to celebrate the completion of the hedging transaction of the first batch of oil from the Sniff Drilling Company on the London Oil Futures Exchange. These goods are staying at the docks in Nigeria, quietly waiting for delivery.Prime Minister Major drank two full glasses, made himself flushed, and impromptuHe gave a speech, saying that the London Petroleum Exchange should play a greater role in the world, which drew unanimous applause from the participants.And Lockhart was not left out in the cold either—most of the people present were well-informed and knew that the Sniff Drilling Company was a hot newcomer in the oil market, so they all came to toast Lockhart and inquire about some news by the way.Lockhart spoke a lot to these people with the qualities of a good civil servant, and said nothing at the same time, leaving the directors of the company still in a fog.Some of the Muggles who had been to Hogsmeade smiled gloatingly at the sight of these people returning in vain.Where there are people, there are rivers and lakes. Although everyone eats this kind of food, there are always some people who want to make themselves more equal than others, and these people who were invited by Lockhart are undoubtedly the 
   core
   Even though Lockhart had secretly invited this group of people, when they returned to London after their vacation, the oil investment community still spread the news of Hogsmeade within three days.In the mouths of these 
   people with status
   , Hogsmeade is simply a paradise on earth. Not only does it have a private golf course, ski resort and lake, but the house they live in is also a medieval magical style building carefully designed by artists, and a country movie theater. There are also old movies with no damage to the picture quality.More critically, 
   the air is good there
   .All of these people who returned from vacation seemed to be ten years younger. Not only the Mediterranean Sea above their heads was reoccupied by land, but their bodies became much lighter. It is difficult for outsiders to imagine what kind of treatment they received there. hospitality.But one thing is for sure, the directors behind the sniffing drilling company are very rich, and they are not the kind of nouveau riche banknotes that still smell of ink, but the 
   noble, Full of humanism
    gold.These people noticed that people who were invited to vacation came back with an extraA gold coin named 
   Galleon
   .This kind of gold coin is exquisitely minted, simple in shape, and the lines on the coin surface are still very clear. It does not belong to any kind of commemorative gold coins known to them.There is no doubt that these gold coins are the tickets used by those 
   respectable people
    to distinguish each other, a symbol of a secret society, even the Prime Minister has joined it.But all those who want to make a difference in the oil trading market are paying attention, and are secretly asking how to join this group, and some even ask for a high price for a Galleon in an attempt to make themselves among these people part of.Lockhart had expected this situation long ago, but considering the political ecology of the wizarding world, he had to hold it for a long time in the future, and not allow too many Muggles to enter this association.As for those who have already joined...they wish they would never have new members join.Lockhart believes that when the Sniff Drilling Company expands its operations in the future, many people will rush to help him.Seeing that it was getting late, Lockhart looked down at his watch and found that there was only about an hour left before the opening of the Hogwarts welcome ceremony, so he called the Prime Minister out.Major still vaguely remembered what they were going to do today, but there were too many people who toasted to him just now, and he was a bit greedy, so he seemed a little confused mentally/ELockhart had to take out a bottle of stimulant potion, pop open the bottle, and put it under the Prime Minister's nose for a while.Major suddenly felt two scorching breaths rushing from his nostrils directly into his brain, burning away the tiredness in his body.He shuddered for a moment, then came back fully awake.
   Oh, I almost forgot...
   Major rubbed his temples in embarrassment, pretending he wasn't fully recoveredAppearance:    Those guys are so enthusiastic... Shall we go now?
   Lockhart didn't expose him: Damn, you can go there at any time, I'll take you to meet - meet our senior officials of the Ministry of Magic, and accept a security check by the way, and then you will see an unprecedented spectacular scene.    After hearing Lockhart's words, Major looked very excited:    Great, I can't wait. I have already informed my wife that I will be home late tonight
   Why don't you tell Ms. Carrie?
    Lockhart teasedDon't ask how Lockhart knew about the Prime Minister's personal affair, it's the historical effect.Major choked suddenly:    What are you... I mean, Wei Na and I are just colleagues, loyal allies in the party, pure...
   
   I don't know anything.
    Lockhart interrupted him amusedly. 
   Of course we believe that you can be loyal to your allies. In fact, we usually don't care much about other people's private lives. It's just that those portraits like to mess around when they have self-awareness. Come on, there are too many picture frames in Whitehall...you understand.
   
   
   
Chapter 136   
   
   
   That's it.
   While talking, Major made up his mind that tomorrow he would ask his secretary to move all the paintings around his office far away, so as to show his frugal rather than extravagant work style
   So, how do we get there?
    he asked in a drawn-out tone.
   right here.
   Lockhart looked around and flicked out his wand after confirming that there was no one around:   I'll try to be as light as possible, I hope you don't get seasick... Followers appear!
   Chapter 280: Let the Prime Minister Understand Wizard PoliticsWhen Lockhart uttered the spell, the Prime Minister felt as if his body was suddenly grabbed by a giant and stuffed into the drain pipe of the washing machine, and the squeezing feeling spread all over his body.When he saw the starry sky again and was able to breathe freely, he found himself kneeling on the ground.Harry's feeling was right. Anyone who experienced Apparation for the first time would have exactly the same feeling as him, that is, being pulled through a thin tube.As a Muggle, Prime Minister Major felt even worse, especially since he had drunk a lot just now.So he threw up as a matter of course, and it took a while before he took the palliative from Lockhart's hand.He swallowed the thing in one gulp, feeling better.   God, can't you improve this thing and make it a better experience?
    Major complained.
   The first time you are born, the second time you are acquainted, you will feel much better when you go back.
    Lockhart said to him with a smile.Major resolutely refused:    Go back? Don't be kidding, I'd rather take a taxi.
   Taxi?
    Lockhart pretended to be surprised, 
   Do you have 1000 pounds with you?Hearing what he said, Major seemed to understand something:    Where are we now?■He got the answer right away:    In the Scottish Highlands, it's about... well, less than 30 miles in a straight line, and only six miles away from the gold mine you were going to develop.
   The appearance of seven hills.Major glared at him. 
   That means we're in Scotland now, 400 miles from London. Do you mean that?
   
   The thing I admire most about you is that you always figure out the situation you are in very quickly.
    Lockhart 
   complimented
   .Major slowly got up from the ground, and then took a deep breath.
   Well, this is not London. The air in London is much worse than here. The wizard is really amazing!
    He kind of admitted Lockhart's words.But when he carefully observed the surrounding situation, Major frowned again.
   So... are you going to welcome foreign dignitaries in this wild place 9
   ■
   Of course not.
    Lockhart immediately denied, 
   It's just that the magic around Hogwarts prohibits disapparation, so we have to make a detour here... You see, there is Hogsmeade Resort over there, we can Sit there for a while, and then wait for the principal to pick you up.
   —It sounds like Hogsmeade, and the Prime Minister has no objection.
   I've heard those people talk about this place a long time ago. I want to see if it's really that good.
   With that said, he followed Lockhart's footsteps and walked towards the brightly lit Hogsmeade.Major saw the towering 
   Jack Pea
    from a distance, and he knew in his heart that those who had been there were indeed telling the truth.
   Did those people really not realize that you are wizards?
    He couldn't help asking, obviously under their noses. 
   
   It seems so, otherwise we wouldn't have been hidden from Muggles for 300 years,
    Lockhart replied.Lockhart took the Prime Minister to the second floor of the newly built cinema, and watched the old movie below from the box: the two chatted for a while over the lemonade brought from the Three Broomsticks, and sobered up by the way.At this time, the movie theater is playing an American movie    Galthead
    from the 80s, the plot of which happens to be about the main character protecting the Queen of England from terrorists.Major, as an old politician, he felt that Lockhart's behavior was definitely not a coincidence
   I feel that you are trying to integrate into the society of ordinary people, if I guess right?
    He asked bluntly.Lockhart did not deny:    It is true. Some of us believe that wizards cannot be separated from the Muggle world forever, nor can they keep their secrets forever.
   If it was any other wizard, it might be a bit difficult for him to understand what Lockhart said, but Major was different, he, who was steeped in political struggles during the Chinese New Year, immediately understood the subtext of Lockhart's words.
   That is to say, there are still a group of people who oppose it? Is that what you mean?
    Lockhart smiled:    I am surprised by your tact, Your Excellency. Indeed, there are also a group of extremists among us wizards. Very high, I think that wizards and people who don't know magic belong to two species, and 
   pure blood
    wizards belong to a naturally noble existence, followed by mixed blood. Worst of all, as for people who are completely non-magic...well, you can imagine.
   Major nodded knowingly:    No surprise, I should have thought of it a long time ago... The theory of bloodlines has always been very popular in human history. Especially you wizards are such a special...species, so this extraordinary ability Linking to lineage is easy to think about.If I'm not mistaken, those who advocate 
   pure blood nobility
   , the sameThere will also be political and economic claims to the power and status commensurate with this lineage. 
   
   It couldn't be more true.
    Lockhart held up the iced lemon juice in his hand instead of the wine, and toasted Major, 
   The person I will bring you to meet later is the banner and the most anti-blood theory among all wizards.
    Pioneer... oh, here he comes. 
   Just as he was talking, Dumbledore appeared on the second floor of the cinema as agreed in advance.Seeing Dumbledore's arrival, there was a commotion among the surrounding wizards, which was not there when they saw Lockhart and Major just now.Major felt instinctively that this grey-haired and bearded old man must be a big shot in wizarding circles.Lockhart quickly stood up and introduced Dumbledore to Major.
   This is the headmaster of Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry, Mr. Albus Dumbledore, who is over 120 years old this year. The status in the world is equivalent to Montgomery's armies plus Faraday plus Churchill... Do you understand when I say that?
   
   Very concise and easy to understand.
   With that, Major stood up and went to shake Dumbledore's hand.Dumbledore didn't care about the Muggle Prime Minister's attitude. In fact, if Lockhart hadn't said this was crucial, he would have even planned to ignore Prime Minister Major.
   Welcome to Hogwarts, Your Excellency... If everything is ready, let's go!
    he said dryly.Lockhart saw that the time was almost up, so he nodded.In Major's surprised eyes, a flash of fire flashed, and Phoenix Fawkes appeared from the void, and then landed on Dumbledore's shoulder.
   Grab one of its feet, or its tail feathers,
    Lockhart reminded the Prime Minister.
   This, this is...
   
   It's a phoenix, Your Excellency, a very rare magical creature, but it is now a useless bird that only naps by the fireplace in the principal's office.
    Lockhart joked.In retaliation, Fawkes gave Lockhart a hard paw as he teleported the trio to Hogwarts' lakeside pier.Chapter 280 IntroductionIn order to welcome foreign distinguished guests, Hogwarts students, led by the deans, came to the pier by the lake.The house elves set up a temporary welcome stage in front of the pier, and placed the Dean's desk on it, and lit the indicator lights similar to those commonly used by airport ground commanders in the open space.The students who lined up were discussing a lot, because after seeing the battle, it seemed that people from the other schools didn't intend to honestly use the Portkey to come over.Fudge felt a little uncomfortable, because his original plan was indeed to send the finished Portkeys over, and let the other party's students come over in batches.But all the wizarding schools replied that they decided to solve the traffic problem themselves, and the British Ministry of Magic only needed to open the entry permit.Especially Durmstrang, Karkaroff wrote back directly, saying 
   I don't want to follow in the footsteps of the Bulgarians
   , which did not give Fudge any face.This can't help but make Fudge secretly hate - as long as everyone has something to understand, why do they have to say it?It was precisely because of these unhappiness that Fudge did not come to receive these principals today. However, after the media officially started reporting on the opening game, he should still come, because he would not let go of any opportunity to show his face.Since Fudge did not come to participate, Lockhart would not have any psychological barriers in inviting the Muggle Prime Minister. Otherwise, after the 
   Prime Minister
    gave a speech as the 
   Prime Minister
   , Fudge, the 
   Minister
   , would become a joke.As the time gradually approached the agreed time, a Fengming sound suddenly came from the seat in the middle of the Dean's big table.Everyone looked towards the place where the phoenix sound was coming out, and found that it was their principal's seat.straight.I saw a flash of fire at the place where the phoenix sounded, and after the fire passed, Albus Dumbledore, the headmaster of Hogwarts, appeared there, accompanied by Gilderoy Lockhart , and a middle-aged man they didn't know.The middle-aged man stretched his body comfortably, and then began to glance around.
   Ah, I like this way of traveling. It's very warm, and it feels light and comfortable. It's much better than the experience of being stuffed into the sewer just now.
   Fox flapped his wings, even in the face of the Muggle Prime Minister's compliments, he was still flattered or humiliated - in the past many years, it has long been used to such compliments.
   I think so too.
    Dumbledore continued, 
   so that after getting used to his service, I suspect that my level of manifestation may not be as good as that of ordinary wizards.
   As he spoke, he waved his hand lightly, and a high chair covered with blue velvet appeared in front of the big table of the deans.
   Sit down, please,
    Dumbledore beckoned.
   Thank you, but I want to say hello to these people first.
   While talking, Major extended his hand to Professor McGonagall, the oldest of the four.After listening to Lockhart's brief introduction to the political circles of the wizarding world, Major was determined to show himself as the Prime Minister in front of the wizards.Lockhart followed decisively, and began to introduce these deans to Major:   This is Professor Minerva McGonagall, the head of Gryffindor College with courage and perseverance. She grew up in the Muggle countryside of Cairns County and is good at transfiguration. If she wants, she can Turn all the iron gates in Downing Street into shower curtains... Just kidding, she wouldn't do that...
   
   Thank you for your honest evaluation, Gilderoy.
    Professor McGonagall interrupted Lockhart's rambling introduction in time.Professor McGonagall's first love when he was young, Dougal McGregor, was also a Muggle, and she grew up in a rural area where Muggles were mixed, so she would not be as curious about the Muggle Prime Minister as others .But she didn't know that the most critical part of what Lockhart said just now was 
   growing up in a Muggle village
   , so that the Prime Minister could understand her position.Sure enough, Major understood Lockhart's hint.
   Hello, Ms. McGonagall. Although I don't know magic, we all hope to make this world a better place.
    He followed up immediately.Major's quick response made Lockhart look sideways—being able to say the most appropriate words with such limited information, it seems that he always has his advantages in being Prime Minister.Next came Professor Flitwick of Ravenclaw, whom Lockhart bent slightly to introduce.
   Professor Flitwick, the dean of Ravenclaw College famous for his wisdom and seeking knowledge, has half the blood of goblins. This college is also the one I graduated from. Professor Flitwick not only taught me how to seek knowledge , and taught me a lot of principles of life...
   It didn't take Lockhart to finish his sentence, Major heard the strings and knew the meaning - it turned out that the old dean's political position was in the same line as Lockhart's.
   It's a pleasure to meet you. In the face of appetite and sensual pleasure, man and beast are no different. The only thing that distinguishes us is that when we are full of food and drink, we will also think and pursue the truth. Salute to you who pursue the truth. Mr Levy.
   As he spoke, Major bent down to shake hands with FlitwickProfessor Flitwick was curious about the Muggle Prime Minister - due to his appearanceBefore that, Flitwick seldom had direct contact with Muggles, let alone high-level Muggles in politics.But when he actually met the Muggle Prime Minister, he realized that he was no different from a wizard, at least on the outside.And when Major showed his humility, he naturally wouldn't begrudge his welcome.
   Welcome to Hogwarts, Mr. Major, I believe that a wise elder like you will also bring a lot of useful advice to the world.
   Professor Sprout is also very curious, but her curiosity is not directly on the face, but a little reserved.After all, he was playing with flowers and plants in a greenhouse, so his interpersonal skills were somewhat lacking.But Major had seen a lot of people like this, and when he saw Professor Sprout's reaction, he thought she was the old ladies who grew cabbage in the countryside when he went to the countryside for election.So he immediately showed his enthusiasm and easy-going, and immediately opened Professor Sprout's heart. When they finished communicating, Lockhart felt that Sprout had even regarded Major as his neighbor .The last one was Snape, and Lockhart had to remind him a few more words.
   This is the dean of Slytherin, a college that takes it as its mission to cultivate students' lofty aspirations, and is also the most 'aristocratic' college. said Lockhart to Snape's face.— Listening to the phrase 
   noble breath
   , how could Major fail to understand the position of this academy.So after 
   touching
    his hands with interest, he sat down in his seatSnape was still thinking about how to speak to make this Muggle retreat, but this Muggle was obviously much smarter than he imagined, and he was also very knowledgeable, which saved him a lot of trouble.Snape's childhood was spent in the Muggle slum-Spider's End Alley, noHaving the experience didn't improve his sense of MugglesOn the contrary, as a 
   freak
   , he is often bullied by the children in the neighborhood.Moreover, he and his mother were often abused by Muggle fathers, so Snape's impression of Muggles became worse because of his childhood.When he saw the Muggle Prime Minister, Snape didn't give him a face on the spot, which was already a show of self-restraint.After all, in a sense, the people in the slums are largely reduced to that point because of the inaction of government officials.It's not that Snape didn't know that the Prime Minister could bring him huge profits, but he couldn't do it in front of his students, so a cold and polite greeting was the limit of what he could do.In order not to embarrass the Prime Minister, Lockhart changed the topic in time to fulfill his duty of 
   tour guide
   .
   Principal, when will people from other schools enter?
   Dumbledore knew he was talking nonsense, because the entry methods of those schools had already been sent to the Ministry of Magic.
   Right now, the first one should be... Beauxbatons.
   
   
   
Chapter 137   
   
   PS- There are only 28 days in a month, but the amount of tasks for the semi-annual award this month is still 15 words, and I only have 12 words. That is to say, I am afraid that I will add... 6 chapters this month?Fuck!I only saved 3 chapters_(: 3J B)_Chapter 280 Nine BeauxbatonsThe reason why Major avoided his secretary and family and    disappeared
    from the prime minister's itinerary for one night was to experience the 
   fantasy
    that he had never really experienced in the first 50 years of his lifeHonestly, that's not an exaggeration at all.It's like a commoner became an emperor after struggling, and after reaching the highest height he could achieve in his life, he began to pursue such stupid things as asking God for divination.Now that Major is the prime minister, apart from continuing to hold power and saving some invitation fees for speeches after his retirement, his biggest wish is to see more, enjoy more, and make a name for himself in history.After receiving relevant news from the wizarding world, Major was terrified for a while, especially when that fat man Fudge brought him a lot of bad news every day, he felt even worse about wizards.However, the appearance of Lockhart gave him a new understanding of the group of 
   wizards
   —maybe it's not just a bad thing?After gaining this understanding, Major's fear of wizards gradually disappeared, and his attitude changed from hostility at the beginning to curiosity, and even some yearning.Until Lockhart helped him solve the problem and showed the value of bringing economic benefits, this curiosity turned into attention again.Now he is very eager to know more about the group of wizards.What's interesting is that even though Lockhart told him some of the bloody things about wizards, Major didn't have any bad perception of the wizard group because of this, but felt that it was 
   true
   —A perfect thing is certainly desirable, but if you want to be grounded, that thing must have some flaws, or 
   beauty of contrast
   It’s as if the young lady has no common sense in life, the great mathematician can’t tie her shoelaces, and the baseball star is an idiot. Not only will this insignificant and down-to-earth small defect not make people disgusted, but it can make the characters more vivid. .Wizards with great powers will also suffer from the imperfection of blood theory and political theory, which in turn helped Major eliminate the barrier of wizards in his heart, and awakened his instincts as a politician.Maybe you can work magic that I can't imagine, but I'm more professional in politics - that's what Major thinks.So now he is full of expectations for the upcoming foreign exchange students, and his mentality has changed from uneasy at the beginning to peace.Dumbledore didn't know the prime minister's mental activities, but he could sense that the man was in a very relaxed state.It seems that the prime minister is as nervous as Jacob, and he should be a very easy person to get along with - this is Dumbledore's point of view.At this moment, there were bursts of fluttering sounds in the distant sky, as if a large group of birds were making the sound when they rose from the water.Everyone looked up, and saw a huge monster appearing on the skyline, slowly approaching Hogwarts in the twilight.As a 
   tour guide
   , Lockhart must of course serve the prime minister well.While the students were yelling and the prefects went to maintain order, Lockhart handed a small telescope to the Prime Minister who was stretching his neck and looking into the distance.It was a panoramic telescope bought at the World Cup.To be honest, although the price of 10 galleons for this panoramic telescope is not cheap: but Lockhart still thinks it is cheap.Like this, it can monitor the entire Quidditch pitch in all directions, and can freely zoom in and outThings like framing, and even reverse and slow playback, if you take them to the Muggles, they can sell for hundreds of thousands of pounds each.And the effect of this thing is obviously much better than the ineffective surveillance system at that time. Now let alone a well-trained killer, even a tomato knows that the camera must be knocked out before burglary.It's a pity that this thing is too    magical
    to let the Prime Minister take it away.Major couldn't wait to close his eyes, and quickly mastered its usage.
   Oh my God, that steed is huge... and has wings!
    he yelled.
   That's Pegasus, Your Excellency, and it's the property of Beauxbaton College in France.
    Lockhart explained beside him.The speed of that thing was very fast, and in just a few moments, the sharp-eyed students among the students had already seen the whole picture of these things clearly—twelve silver flying horses pulled a huge pink-blue carriage, quickly approaching from the air Hogwarts.
   So this is Pegasus? I thought it only existed in fairy tales... Speaking of which, this thing belongs to the French? Doesn't Britain have it?
   I don't know if it's a professional habit, but when he sees something good in France, Major will instinctively ask 
   Does the British have any?
   
   Britain doesn't have breeding for now...but we have Thestrals,
    Lockhart told him.Both Snape and Dumbledore could hear the word 
   we
    in Lockhart's mouth - clearly.The difference is that Snape frowned, while Dumbledore was noncommittalMajor didn't notice the reactions of the people beside him. He was now focusing on the pegasus that was approaching and the carriage that was too big.Today he has had enough of Ben—first, he has enjoyed the appearance of his followers, and thenIt was Phoenix, and now he saw Pegasus again.If this 
   ticket price
    is a satisfactory nightlife in London, then what he has seen and heard now is undoubtedly worth the ticket price.The silver Pegasus brought Beauxbaton's carriage and landed heavily on the grass in front of the pier. The 
   airport
    marked by the house elves with the lights did not play its role, because those Pegasus were passing by after a long distance. After the trek, it was obvious that he wanted to eat some young grass as soon as possible, and drink a full meal of single malt whiskey.The house elves had to use their magic to lift the red carpet on the ground, and then ran quickly to the carriage.Then the door of the carriage opened wide, and a boy wearing the powder-blue uniform of Beauxbaton College jumped out of the carriage, swiftly lowered the steps under the carriage, and gestured to the house-elves to spread the red carpet under the steps.Under Major's stunned expression, Beauxbaton's headmaster, Mrs. Maxim of half-giant descent stepped out of the car, and led a group of students on the paved red carpet to In front of the welcome desk.Of course, this 
   hiring Tingting
    was viewed from Hagrid's point of view, and the Hogwarts students instinctively took two steps back to make way for a wider path.Because Mrs. Maxim's huge body is too oppressive.Lockhart saw that Hagrid, who was planning to take care of the Pegasus, straightened his eyes on the spot, and the hand that was about to hold the rein unconsciously dropped down, just staring blankly at Madame Maxime's back, motionless .Prime Minister Major was also in a daze, but the reason for his daze was different from that of Hagrid.Although he had seen female basketball players who were more than two meters tall, this four-meter-tall woman was still somewhat beyond imagination.Seeing him in a daze, Lockhart touched his arm.That is Ms. Maxim, the principal of Beauxbaton College.Only then did Major regain his senses.In order to conceal himself, he stood up hesitantly:   Look, am I going toZX...
   No need.
    Lockhart stopped him, 
   This is a matter among wizards, and when you will give a speech, you just need to appreciate it now.France is closest to us, so Beauxbaton College is the fastest to come, and then...Durmstrang, if you are interested, you can move your eyes to the lake. 
   Seeing Dumbledore and Professor Flitwick coming forward, Major sat down obediently again, and looked towards the lake as Lockhart said.
   Are they . . . coming from that creek?
    Major asked hesitantly.Lockhart spoils him early:    No, they're going to come straight out of the lake.Major was taken aback. 
   What? They're at the bottom of the lake?
   
   Not now... It can be said that as long as it is connected to the waters, Durmstrang's boat can come here. Although this lake is located on a high ground, it is considered an inland lake, but the downstream river still leads to the sea, so...you will be there immediately. Understood.
   Hearing what he said, Major also had more expectations.Chapter 290 Don’t pretend to be aggressive, what’s the difference between that and salted fishAs Weasley introduced in the Quidditch World Cup, wizards, due to their population density, cannot interact with each other except in public places such as the Ministry of Magic, St. Mungo's, Diagon Alley, and Hogwarts. have been in a state of seldom seeing each otherSo whenever wizards reunite for some event, they can't help but want to show off to each other, either by showing off magic items or showing off magic, just like those tents at the World Cup camp .It cannot be said that this kind of mentality is wrong. In fact, when Muggles appeared at the tenth anniversary class reunion, their psychological state was roughly similar.Beauxbatons, as a self-proclaimed noble French academy, made its appearance in a restrained and reserved manner, but even so, the grand gesture of 12 silver flying horses was enough to open the eyes of ordinary school students and the Muggle Prime Minister.Because this kind of horse is very powerful, it is also very picky about food and the environment, and it does not drink non-malt whiskey, so the cost of raising it is very high, and ordinary people will go bankrupt if they raise one.Of course, Major didn't know that this thing was so 
   noble
   , but in his opinion, everything in the wizarding world is magical, so even if you tell him how difficult Pegasus is to raise, it's just to him. The difference between eighty steps and one hundred steps.That's why Major actually boldly approached and saluted Madame Maxime according to the French etiquette.According to what was agreed in advance, Ravenclaw College took over the work of arranging the students and staff of Beauxbatons. Professor Flitwick took Mrs. Maxime to the college table and sat down, while Roger o Davis also led Beauxbaton's students towards the castle.Of course, for the first time, Lockhart sincerely hopes that Roger can protect him, thenBrother Zhu seems to restrain himself a little.Even if Fleur Delacour is indeed amazingly beautiful, it is too shameful for Ravenclaw to be attracted by beauty instead of knowledge, even if you find an excuse to discuss French alchemy, divination and potions what.If I remember correctly, besides Nicole Flamel, there is also a famous wizard in France—Nostradamus, who is not only proficient in potions, but also good at astrology. If you can find a chance to visit him...Alas, it seems that it is recommended to re-elect a prefect.Beauxbatons will be housed by Ravenclaw, while Durmstrang will be hosted by SlytherinTo save time, Snape went straight to the lake, because he felt that the other party was very close.At the same time, Lockhart also pointed towards the lake.
   Here they come,
    he said.In fact, needless to say, all wizards can feel a sudden magical fluctuation in the middle of the lake. This fluctuation gives the wizard the same feeling as when a brat threw a thunderbolt a few steps away from you during the Chinese New Year. king.Prime Minister Major couldn't feel anything, but he could see, with the last rays of the setting sun, that the middle of the lake was bubbling.Just like the 
   Flying Dutchman
    in 
   Pirates of the Caribbean
   , a wooden black ship exploded out of the water, and the waves and mist even rushed to the shore of the lake. A student got drenched.The Scottish Highlands in October was already a little wet and cold, and the school doctor, Madam Pomfrey, hurriedly sent these unlucky children back to the castle to prevent them from catching a cold.However, no students are willing to go back, after all, it means that they are about to miss the 
   entrance ceremony
    of the next two other schoolsAfter the black wooden boat emerged from the water, Durmstrang's headmaster KarkaroffTogether with Krum, he appeared at the bow of the ship with a high air, and waved condescendingly to the Hogwarts students, as if he was the leader who came to inspect.But Snape snorted coldly, and then stared straight at Karkaroff.After Karkaroff saw Snape, the smug expression on his face subsided a little, and then he asked the students to anchor the ship, and then set up the landing board for going ashore.
   Although Durmstrang's position is very close to that of Slytherin House, the students in it are not entirely the same. After all, Northern Europe and Central Europe are a larger magic school. If they don't want to go there, then they just have to go there.
    You can go to the Russian side or the French side.
    Lockhart lost no time in reminding the Prime Minister.So Major nodded, without trying to embarrass himself.
   But that ship is really powerful.
    Major said without words, 
   From what you said just now, it seems that as long as it is connected to the waters of the sea, it can pile up 'over?
   Yes, this is a very ancient shipbuilding technique. We wizards used this technique to resell spices in the Age of Discovery,
    Lockhart told him.Major opened his eyes. 
   Ha, that's really unfair. We have to round the Cape of Good Hope.
   Of course, what Lockhart didn't tell him was that due to the popularity of apparition and port keys, this shipbuilding technology has been lost, and Durmstrang's ship is one of the few heritages left by the ancients. one.Lockhart noticed that after taking the students off the boat, Karkaroff made a gesture of covering his arms at Snape, and cast a consulting look.Snape nodded sullenly, and then Karkaroff's expression obviously changed.
   The journey is tiring,
    Karkaroff said to Dumbledore.
   We are very tired today and hope to rest soon.
   
   As you wish, Igor,
    said Dumbledore, 
   but please be sure to attend the dinner in the Great Hall, we have prepared kale stew and fish jelly, both in Norwegian style.
   Mouth-watering.
    Karkaroff gave a rare politeness.Lockhart guessed it was because he still needed Dumbledore's help to keep him alive.After Beauxbaton and Durmstrang, the African Ouagadou Academy finally made its debut.The sun had already set, but a colorful aurora suddenly landed on the halfway down the hill below Hogwarts Castle.Then the ground suddenly trembled violently: as if a magnitude [-] earthquake had suddenly occurredThe teachers and students present were caught off guard, and a few students who wanted to be lazy and whose standing posture was not very standard immediately fell to the ground.Major wanted to hide under the table, but seeing that Dumbledore and the deans beside him were still calm, he could only forcibly push back the heart that had jumped into his throat.He stole a glance at Lockhart, meaning he wanted him to explain himself.   It's the Rainbow Serpent,
    Lockhart told him.Just as Major was about to ask what the Rainbow Serpent was, a huge crack appeared under the mountain where Hogwarts was located, and a giant colorful snake crawled out of the crack, wrapped in dust and gray stones.The snake's head alone is seven or eight meters high, almost equivalent to the height of two or three floors of a building, and the body that emerges from behind is not much different, about the thickness of a train carriage.And its body is also shining with seven-color mysterious patterns, which complement the rainbow light in the sky just now.Major thought he didn't have to ask.Chapter 290 Not Everyone Can Pretend to Be SuccessfulUnder the watchful eyes of all the teachers and students in the school, the gigantic snake drilled for a full 5 minutes before getting most of its body out of the crack in the mountain.Immediately after it got out, it circled the mountain twice, coiling the entire mountain within its body, and for a while, rainbow-colored lights flashed everywhere outside Hogwarts Castle.There was an immediate uproar among the students, who were unsure if they would be able to go back to the castle to sleep tonight.
   Don't be afraid, children, this is a rainbow snake!
    Hagrid finally came out to show his presence, 
   This is a kind of giant snake that lives in southern Africa. Its history can be traced back to prehistoric times. Many earthquakes in Africa are actually It's all caused by it, and the land it drills through will become extremely fertile, so the Benin people regard it as a god... Oh, you see, it is so beautiful, isn't it?
   In line with the principle of 
   big is beautiful, fierce is good
   , this giant snake, which is full of oppression in the eyes of everyone, is simply beautiful in Hagrid's eyes.After going around a few times, the rainbow snake finally found a more comfortable position, stopped its head on a stone step on the pier, and opened its mouth.Everyone who thought they would hear the hoarse sound of the snake, what they heard was a melodious flute sound.Everyone looked over in puzzlement, only to find that Rainbow Snake's neck shook for a while, and then a vine ball covered in mucus spit out from the snake's mouth, and the flute sound that everyone heard came from this vine ball.
   
   
Chapter 138   
   
   The takraw ball bounced and rolled twice, then stopped suddenly, and several vines broke and formed a door.The students in Uagadu who wore all kinds of fancy clothes walked out of the door opened by the takraw ball, and several wizards were still blowing.African traditional reed shell flute.Obviously, they controlled the giant snake through the sound of the flute.
   Greetings, Principal Dumbledore! Akinbad asked me to say hello to you!
    Otama Mbabazi, the current principal of Waggadu, appeared in front of the Hogwarts teachers and students holding a wolf's head stick in his hand. in front of the eyes.
   Welcome, my old friend.
    Dumbledore said gently, 
   It's getting late, we have prepared some delicious meals, if you don't mind, we can talk about something while eating.
   
   Thank you for your warmth and generosity.
   Mbabazi opened his arms and gave Dumbledore a hug before he was picked up by Professor Sprout.According to the plan: Hogwarts is responsible for hosting Waggadu is the Hufflepuff College: whether it is them or the herbs in their greenhouse, they will like the excrement of this rainbow snake.Major felt that he had really come here today—even if he had used his imagination to the fullest before this, he could hardly have imagined that there would be such a big snake in the world.   Uh... what does it eat?
    Major couldn't help asking Lockhart. 
   Isn't its food going to bankrupt the school? Sorry, I didn't mean to be rude...
   
   Eat underground coal mines, sir. Besides the Victorian coal mines, there are many coal mines under the ground in Scotland that cannot be mined by manpower. Even if it eats for a year, it cannot eat one millionth of its reserves. And then It will live underground here for the rest of the year.
   Lockhart was not lying, but after the people of Waggadu reported their transportation plan to the Ministry of Magic, the Ministry of Magic discussed this issue, and the result of the discussion was to let it eat it.Anyway, there are not many other mineral deposits in the UK, but there are many coal mines, otherwise it would not be a factory.Origin of Industrial Revolution.
   Do you want to say hello to Mr. Mbabazi? They are also wizards who are active in the world.
    Lockhart added.
   Then I'll just say hello.
    Major didn't refuse either.After the people from Waggadu came out, they wanted to follow the Hufflepuffs into the school immediately, but the giant snake suddenly screamed, and it didn't mean to go into the ground.The people of Waggadu stood still, seeming a little confused.
   What's the matter? Didn't you say that you will go down immediately after you come?
    Mbabazi shouted.A student who looked older at the back shook his head at him:    I don't know, it seems to have something to say.
   As if to confirm what he said, the rainbow snake blocked its body on the stone steps up the mountain, preventing Wagadu's people from passing.Seeing it like this, Mbabazi frowned:    Which of you can become a python? Talk to it, what happened?
   Several students looked at each other, and then showed embarrassment.
   Kiwanuka didn't come today, he said he wanted to pray for the chief's cousin,
    the students replied.This time Mbabazi was also a little confused.But the rainbow serpent's attitude is very firm, if these wizards do not meet its demands, it will not give way.The Waggadu had to gesticulate and shout, desperately trying to get the rainbow snake out of the way, even if it told it that there were coal mines underground, it didn't work.It wasn't until a childish voice sounded from behind them that they were relieved of this embarrassment.
   It said it was too cold here, and asked you to give it kapok.
   The anxious teachers and students of Waggadu immediately looked back and found that it was a black-haired boy wearing round-rimmed glasses.
   Kapok?
    Mbabazi asked subconsciously.Di, it says this land is too cold, it will hibernate soon, and wants you to bring kapok to it. ' added the boy.light me! Mbabazi patted himself on the forehead with the hand that was not holding the wolf's head stick, 
   I almost forgot, this is Scotland, not warm Africa!
    
   Then without saying a word, he raised his cane and conjured a lot of kapok.The Rainbow Snake swallowed the kapok in one gulp with satisfaction, and then a layer of fine fluff grew out of the scales on the surface of its body.It looked at itself with satisfaction, then fell through the crack.The Africans breathed a sigh of relief and then patted the boy on the shoulder friendly.
   It seems that you are very talented in animal control... What's your name? I'll see if I can talk to Dumbledore and let you transfer to our school.
    Mbabazi gave him a thumbs up.The boy looked a little embarrassed. He didn't really like saying his name in front of strangers.But Cedric Diggory next to him took the initiative to introduce him:    This is Harry Potter, I think you must have heard of him.
   As soon as these words came out, even Mbabazi knew that it was absolutely impossible for them to take this student to Africa.
   It turns out that he is Harry Potter.
    He finally understood, 
   It really is unusual.
   
   Thanks...I think I'm going back to my own academy.
   Harry smiled shyly, and then ran over to the Gryffindor students who remained by the lake.These Africans didn't say anything more, and came to the auditorium along the path made by the Rainbow Snake.At this time, the only school that has not yet arrived is Ilvermorny in the United States.Considering that they were going across the Atlantic, it was not unreasonable that the last one would arrive, but the Gryffindor cubs who had been waiting in place were going to be hungry.But they don't care, after all, they can appreciate the entrance ceremony of a school moreThe time gradually approached 07:30, and when the people present began to speculate whether something went wrong, there was a faint sound of thunder over the castle.If the weather in Scotland in October is just    not sunny
   , then the overcast ■S■ at this time is more like a stormy sea.The rain clouds in the sky quickly gathered together in everyone's eyes, and then as if something in the sky opened an eye, a small hole appeared in the middle of the cloud.Then, the sudden gust of wind turned into a giant's hand, twisting the dark clouds in the sky into a twist, and then smashed downward.If they are farmers living in the Midwest of the United States, they will probably be quite familiar with this scene.
   It's a tornado! A tornado is coming.
   The whizzing tornado descended from the dark clouds like a funnel, and the end just happened to land on the airfield built by the house elves.Major had to get away with the other students to avoid being swept up by the tornado.If his small body is blown into the sky by the wind, the people present will probably be caught in the snow.You have to go up the mountain to find him.But the Gryffindor students were not as timid as him, and the lion cubs behaved more like a storm than a storm in the face of this storm.The lion cubs, headed by the Weasley brothers and Lee, were all in high spirits, jumping around like a calf in rut, clamoring loudly.In the end, Professor McGonagall had to get angry, which made the people in his academy shut up.And when it was in a mess underneath, an airship slowly flew down from the eye of the tornado.It was a red spherical airship. The whole boat was painted the same red as the airship plum, and the green searchlight cast by the side of the hull happened to form the 
   green leaves
    of the plum, which looked quite unique.Because the airship is relatively large, even in the eye of the tornado, it was still blown around and around, until it flew to a height of more than 50 meters from the ground before it stabilized a little.The sharp-eyed people could see that someone in the pod hanging under the airship cast a spell, and the gust of wind around the airship finally calmed down.As the tornado subsided, the airship stopped spinning and shaking, and landed slowly in the eyes of the teachers and students until it stopped on the reserved 
   airport
   .
   Very good 
   wind tunnel
    magic, Americans' understanding of this magic has surpassed that of other schools by a large margin. Dumbledore sighed.Prime Minister Major looked left and right, and finally couldn't help it, so he asked his own question.
   I probably understand... the tornado just now is a very strange travel magic, isn't it?
   
   You're right.
    Lockhart confirmed his guess.
   Okay, I don't know much about you wizards, but... the people inside are really safe after such a violent rotation like just now?
    Major wondered.This time no one could answer his question.As soon as the airship landed, the door of the gondola was immediately rushed open.The students in Ilvermorny school uniforms rushed out of the hatch quickly, and then ran to the grass in unison, throwing up one by one.Dumbledore was obviously suppressing his own smile, and asked as calmly as possibleMajor explained: 1o It seems that some small accident happened, and our American guests were very concerned about it.There is a good chance that this magic is as foreign as it is to us.    PS Take your time, even if the ten cuts are added, it will be added a little bit a day, gently and gently.Today I will start with a [-]-word essay.In addition, African rainbow snakes should be different from Australian ones, right?Baidu experts, don't just look at the first few articles.Chapter 290 Second Private AllianceAlthough there were some episodes, the people from Ilvermorny College in the United States finally arrived at Hogwarts safely.And what makes them feel fortunate is that only people from Gryffindor College can see their embarrassment, and these little lions don't care about it. Instead, they think that the way they came to Hogwarts through the tornado is very Cool, even if it's slightly dangerous so--/\Ilvermorny College sent not their current headmaster this time, but the vice-principal Isaac Potter.Yes, this gentleman is also surnamed Potter. His patriarch Abraham Potter was a member of the original 
   Twelve Aurors
    of the Magical Congress of America, and he is a distant relative with the famous Harry Potter.It's just that this kind of kinship relationship has long existed in name only, and the well-documented branch point may date back to the end of the 17th century.Their 
   wind tunnel
    magic belongs to the research results of the school in recent years. It is inspired by the tornadoes that blow hundreds of times in the Midwest of the United States every year. The previous experiments were very successful, but overseas travel is still fun after all. It was too big, beyond the theoretical data of the experiment, so it almost capsized.However, even if you need to take risks, you still have to pretend.
   The output power of the gems is a bit higher.
    Mr. Potter forcefully explained, 
   It will be fine to reduce the two long-horned water snake gems when we go back.
   After the people from Ilvermorny also arrived, the Hogwarts auditorium was finally ready for dinner.The Prime Minister, who had watched a good show, was satisfied, and the time spent all night was really worth the money, so that he couldn't help but say more during his speech, which made the hungry students slander.Seeing that Hogwarts actually invited the Prime Minister of the Muggle government to give a welcome speech, all partiesmixed reactionsBeauxbatons and Waggadu applauded after Major's speech, while Durmstrang and the little snakes on the Slytherin table were indifferent.The applause was loudest on the Gryffindor side, but Lockhart doubted that the students were applauding to celebrate the end of the lengthy speech.Seeing the Gryffindor applauding next to them, the students of Ilvermorny subconsciously joined in, but in the end they stopped ahead of time under Vice Principal Potter's stern gaze.The attitudes of all parties are self-evident.After dinner, Dumbledore announced that the Goblet of Fire would be responsible for the registration for the Five-wizard Tournament, and each school would select a senior 
   warrior
    in accordance with the tradition of the Triwizard TournamentBut this year's rules have changed—in addition to the warriors, each school has to select a junior 
   attendant
   , that is, an assistant.
   The role of the attendant is to assist the warrior to complete the project, and when the warrior is unfortunately killed, he is responsible for confining his body. Ha, this is just a joke, no one will die!
   Seeing that the students took his words seriously, Dumbledore quickly retracted what he had just said with a smile.
   ...The attendants are only responsible for scouting and raiding for the warriors outside the field, as well as emergency assistance. In addition, some projects may require two people to cooperate to complete...but the projects have taken into account your age, and will not let the attendants do it. Too many difficult things...
   After hearing this, the students were finally relieved, and after being relieved, they couldn't help but start to look forward to it.
   ...In addition to the hegemony competition, guests from afar can also go to class with your boarding college. I believe that each school has its own strengths.We can communicate more on this.Last but not least, the registration deadline for the junior students of the Goblet of Fire is October 10th, while the senior ones are on October 5th. The results of the selection of warriors will be announced on the evening of October 10th, and the opening match will be on the evening of October 10st. It is held on Halloween night: all warriors have half a month to prepare.    After saying this, Dumbledore simply announced the dissolution, and the prefects of each college took the guests to rest.And Lockhart also left the auditorium with the Prime Minister, and walked back to Hogsmeade.
   It looks like it's going to be a great event, but unfortunately... well, I'm unlikely to come to every game.
    Major said regretfully.
   why?
   
   Because I can't find a reason to bypass the schedule of the secretaries every time: there are at most 10 days a year at a time like this evening.    The Prime Minister said a little helplessly.ZK
   Indeed, but we don't hold such competitions very often.
    Lockhart admitted, 
   Because the wizard population is small and their residences are scattered, large-scale exchanges like this are rare.
   What Major discovered:    So, this is actually an academic exchange? Like an exchange between international universities?
   
   You can say that, but I'm going to take this opportunity to talk about trade,
    Lockhart admitted.Major heard the overtones:    So, is there anything I can do to help9
   ■
   
   Not yet, but I can't tell in the future. Considering the trade balance issue, we will use the income from oil and medicine to buy gold and industrial products in large quantities. The latter will go through normal channels, but the former...I hope that if the government will When considering the sale of gold reserves, you can give priority to us. 
   
   Are you going to switch to the gold standard too?
   After the plight of the pound plummeting, Major is very sensitive to Huang Jin'
   I have no objection to selling you gold in principle, but I hope that when you buy gold, you try to trade in dollars and don't sell pounds... In addition, the Royal Bank has a very good reputation, and you can consider storing gold there.
   
   That's impossible.
    Lockhart said regretfully, 
   
   We have an agreement with the goblins, and the financial industry is all handed over to them. 
   
   
   
Chapter 139   
   
   
   They're good at this?
   
   Actually not.
    Lockhart snorted:    It's purely because we wizards are too lazy to spend a lot of effort to deal with them. The goblin forces happen to be in a state where 
   it's not worth launching a large-scale war
    and 
   ordinary fighting can't expel them.
    Between their intensity, they've been rebelling and we've had a headache, so might as well include it.
   
   Got it, just like the Irish.
    Major understood.Lockhart pretended not to hear the Prime Minister's casual teasing, and continued:    In short, besides finance and oil, there are many areas where we can cooperate in the future, such as defending national security. We are also happy to serve our country, just like It was the same as before the 17th century.
    Lockhart was able to fully express his intentions.You never need to talk too much when talking to smart people, and Major understood Lockhart's general thoughts as soon as he rolled his eyes. After all, there is no such thing as a free lunch.
   So, what do you want?
    he asked.
   We want to establish a wizarding self-government, and a wizarding council with voting rights. We hope it can be recognized by the government and the queen.
   
   This... you mean to add a constituency for the House of Commons, right?
   
   The House of Lords also needs a seat, at least one, two would be even better.
    Lockhart finally revealed his real purpose.After hearing 
   House of Lords
   , Major hesitated for a moment, and did not immediately agree to Lockhart.Seeing his hesitation, Lockhart emphasized his tone:    Although we have a small population of wizards, we still need responsible MPs to represent our interests. I hope you can understand.
   
   No...
    Major began to have a headache, 
   For the House of Commons, all you need to do is collect signatures, propose an increase in the constituency in the name of Hogsmeade Village, and then pay taxes to the central government, and I can find a way to help you run it. But The House of Lords...do you have nobility? I mean the kind that are in the records.
   Lockhart smiled:    It just so happens that there are indeed nobles among our wizards, and they have been passed down for hundreds of years.
   
   That's good.
   After hearing this, Major was a little relieved, but he still hesitated
   In addition, the MPs we elected should join the Conservative Party.
    Lockhart added another bargaining chip.After hearing this, Major knew that he could no longer refuse.After thinking for two or three minutes, he finally nodded.
   I will raise this matter with my political adviser and secretary, and I can also settle it with the Ministry of Internal Affairs. But as for Her Majesty... you may have to let the heir of the noble family find a chance to have a formal audience, otherwise some It's hard to say.
   Lockhart understood that when he said 
   formal audience
   , he meant to reveal the existence of the wizarding world in front of the Queen.
   This matter needs an opportunity. If Her Majesty the Queen has any difficulties someday, please come and let us solve it.
   Seeing that Lockhart agreed, a stone in Major's heart fell to the ground.
   No problem, as long as Her Majesty the Queen is willing to recognize your allegiance, then the work of Whitehall will be entrusted to me, happy cooperation!
   
   Pleasant cooperation.
    Lockhart also said.The two talked as they walked, and when they reached this verbal agreement, Lockhart found himself out of the Hogwarts grounds.So Lockhart took out his wand again, ready to reveal his entourage.
   I'm sorry, but I don't have a phoenix. This is the only way I know to move fast, unless you're willing to get into the fireplace...
   When Major saw his posture, he knew that he was going to 
   dive into the sewer
    again.
   Come on, anyway, I will get used to it slowly.
    He admitted.Chapter 290 Two Takeover of the International DepartmentAfter sending the prime minister back to London, Lockhart was determined.Although he was sure that British politicians would definitely accept the wizarding world, he really needed a guide to lead him into that circle.Although the British Prime Minister at this time was still under the control of bureaucrats, it is an indisputable fact that after entering the 90s, in countries with a unitary parliamentary system like the United Kingdom and Japan, executive power has gradually shifted from traditional bureaucrats to elected politicians.Not to mention Japan, Koizumi, plus the period of the Democratic Party, and then to Amber, this is a history of the struggle of politicians to seize power from bureaucrats.And the United Kingdom is not far behind. Since the Labor Party 
   deliberately reformed
   , the actual power of the British Prime Minister has been increasing, and even a 
   party boy
    like Golden Retriever Johnson has appeared.The means are actually not very clever, they are just manipulating public opinion with the power of populism and the media, such as the Brexit referendum, which is completely beyond the expectations of civil servants.Although the British civil service class has launched a spontaneous resistance to this, trying to delay the prime minister's term, but the result...In other words, maintaining a good relationship with the prime minister is important, and will become increasingly important over time.If Lockhart wants to influence the sentiment of the British public, and thus affect policy, then the importance of a good relationship with Parliament is far more important than that of civil servants.In the same way, if elected members at this stage want to avoid being fooled by bureaucrats or being shunned, then they also need to seize more social resources and administrative capabilities, and wizards can become their means of bypassing the bureaucracy. a 
   possibility
   This is the fundamental reason why Major took the risk to agree to Lockhart, the wizarding world andThere is indeed a basis for cooperation between the parliament and the parties. Even if the leaders of different parties are about to play their dog brains in the parliament, this does not prevent them from going to the club to have a drink together after 
   off work
   .Since Lockhart judged that the interests of cooperating with politicians are greater, it seems reasonable to 
   betray
    - the civil servant class in his previous life.After getting the Prime Minister settled, Lockhart finally started his third phase of work.In the past, the core idea of ​​his work was 
   obtaining channels
   , that is, to gain the trust of the real power class in the wizarding world and the Muggle world.This kind of work may seem unremarkable, but it is actually very important.Just like the previous joke, a lobbyist came to visit Bill Gates and said that he would introduce him to a young man as his son-in-law, and this young man was the vice president of the World Bank.Then he introduced the young man to the president of the World Bank, saying that the young man was the son-in-law of Bill Gates, and asked him if he would let the young man be the vice president.And in the end both of them agreed.How stupid this joke is, I believe people with a discerning eye can see it at a glance, and this kind of chicken soup story is basically used by pyramid schemes and micro-businesses to fool people.But let's take 
   Bill Gates needs a vice president of the World Bank as his son-in-law
    and 
   the World Bank needs a vice president with a rich background
    as true. This lobbyist has indeed found the needs of both, but the problem is ——Why should they trust you as a lobbyist?How can you meet these two people?Why do you deserve their trust?What kind of talent can come to the door carelessly and directly meet Bill Gates and the president of the World Bank?This is the importance of channels. Sometimes even if you see business opportunities, you don't have this channel.Lockhart spent so much energy before, nothing more than to letI own this channel.From now on, he will devote most of his energy to the trade and communication between the two worlds, and try his best to build a community of interests before Voldemort makes trouble.There was no need for Lockhart to worry about the selection of warriors, and the competition itself was managed by the Sports Department. His only job was to promote the first event of the Big Five Tournament and attract tourists as much as possible.The first project was named 
   Halloween's Trial of Courage
    by Lockhart. When it was publicized to the outside world, this project was sold with 
   horror
    and block monsters, which is very suitable for people who like to read ghost stories.The wizarding newspapers in Europe and the United States have already publicized the selling points of this project. Judging from the summary of the Sports Department of the Ministry of Magic of various countries, there are as many as 2200 people who are going to buy tickets to watch the opening match. It is a test for both the overall planning ability of Hogsmeade and the carrying capacity of Hogsmeade.The reason why it is called a test is because there are more than 2200 people from all over the world, and more than 300 portkeys are required.” Even if one of these portkeys fails, it will be enough for Lockhart to drink a pot. 
   Customs
    in the wizarding world is not so easy to be.Of course, no matter how stingy Fudge is, the Ministry of Magic cannot leave Lockhart alone to do such a big matter, and other staff from the International Department have to help him.At this time, the importance of the old Barty Crouch came to be seen - from top to bottom in the international department, Batyan inserted his own people. Without his cooperation, Lockhart would definitely not be able to smoothly take over The whole division is gathered.After the old Batty's downfall, the International Department once fell into an atmosphere of panic, because these old Batty's people were afraid that they would be put on small shoes by Fudge.Although they don't have to worry about losing their jobs in the Ministry of Magic because of favors, it is inevitable that their careers will be hindered.The reason everyone came to Crouch was because of his strong foundation and resources, and no one wanted to be excluded when the rising momentum was just right.Just when people were panicking, Batty Sr. called these people out and held a small party.At this gathering, the old Crouch clarified the 
   central idea
    of the international department for the next period of time-that is, to fully support Lockhart in his position.
   He is one of his own.
    Old Crouch praised him in front of everyone, 
   Gidero is firm and flexible. I am relieved to entrust him with the matter. And for the sake of the business, The pure-blood family will not trouble him either. I believe that even under Fudge's pressure, he will be able to support the International Affairs Department, especially in terms of personnel.
   Old Crouch's timely endorsement made the international department quickly unite around Lockhart. Although some old people still refused to bow to Lockhart, for Crouch's sake, they would not go to fight with Lockhart either. Hart was clearly against it, and that was enough.In the shadow of a famous tree, Lockhart now seems to have become a new political star in the Ministry of Magic, and he is the kind of real power that is almost impeccable.Not only did he handle large projects independently, but also his business ability and connections should not be underestimated, only fools would offend him for no reason.Therefore, when Lockhart proposed that the International Division should focus on the five-wild power competition and the establishment of a new international trade market, no one in the division objected, so he didn't have to worry about it anymore.Seeing that his colleagues 
   support
    him so much, Lockhart naturally wants to reciprocateWhen they went to the movies with Gemma in the evening, they took time out of the 3 minutes waiting for admission to draw up a copy of 
   International Division Special Overtime Subsidy
   , which isUse profits from the Ministry of Magic properties in Hogsmeade to generate an extra income for the staff of the Department of International Affairs during the Five-wizard Tournament.If all goes well, during the eight months of operation of the Big Five Tournament, each of these employees will be allocated 8 Galleons per month as extra money.Not surprisingly, after the news was released, the international department was simply grateful to Lockhart.No one would say no to a door-to-door delivery, especially if it's 
   extra
    income.Think about it, how many social animals have to 
   voluntarily
    work more than 30 hours of overtime every month for the overtime pay of several hundred yuan, and how many authors have to work hard for the semi-annual award subscription that should belong to them Add more.Seeing this, you will know how important this 
   overtime pay
    is to these employees.
   In short... the world is home to one's heart.
   Watching Hogsmeade and the Ministry of Magic turn into the shape he wanted in the next step of his plan, Lockhart was full of ambition no matter how cautious he was.When Voldemort returns, let him take a good look at the country I have built for himChapter 290 Four Warriors SelectionAfter handing over the planning of tourists from various countries to other staff of the International Department, Lockhart can finally concentrate on planning the trade market that has been under construction.During the Quidditch World Cup, Lockhart discovered that wizarding tourists were willing to spend money on souvenirs, and the things didn't even need to be practical, as long as they were fun, there would be a market.For example, the magic badge of the Irish team that can be called, the spell effect of calling people's names has almost disappeared after a week, and the price is not cheap, but people still buy itTherefore, even though Lockhart was going to sell some practical gadgets in this market, considering that tourists came for tourism after all, he still made some compromises and stuffed a lot of flashy souvenirs into the market for sale.He didn't have to worry about tourists being unable to pick up these items, because the Flint's Owl Post Office would provide delivery services.Probably considering this point, the Flint family sent Marcus Flint, who had just graduated, to be the head of the Hogsmeade Owl Post Office.Little Flint originally wanted to play professional Quidditch, but his poor skills allowed him to use the Nimbus 2001 given by Malfoy to do his best in school, so he failed several teams in consecutive trials. In the end, he had to go home in despair to inherit the family business.When seeing Lockhart who came to negotiate with him, Marcus Flint wanted to make a deal of it. By the way, he was angry that Lockhart didn't choose him into the dueling club when he left the school.But Gemma Farley wouldn't look down on this stupid big man who left the first grade. Under her cold eyes, Flint agreed embarrassingly, 
   During the Tournament, the cat's headNo price increase for Eagle Post delivery” condition.There are still a lot of chores like this, but fortunately, the staff of the International Department worked together, and they were quickly settled. What troubled Lockhart the most was that the residents of Hogsmeade were really not good at doing business. .The last time Muggles came to Hogsmeade to recuperate, these residents were very enthusiastic, but when it comes to their ability to sell... it can only be said that talk is better than nothing, which is far from the Muggle tour guide anyway.Although this helps to help Muggle tourists establish the impression that 
   this is a noble village
   , if wizard tourists come here, they are still so upright, then Lockhart can only be embarrassed and give them a pass first 
   How to rip off
    training.Just as the International Department and the Sports Department were arranging the competition in full swing, the results of the Goblet of Fire's selection of warriors came from Hogwarts Castle.Unsurprisingly, the first three, Fleur Delacour, Viktor Krum, and Cedric Diggory, remained unchanged as usual.It seems that the strength and weakness of wizards are indeed there, and they will not be changed by external objects.In the United States is a 16-year-old boy named Nick Timms Bout, who is said to be a descendant of the Calderon-Bout family, and a distant relative with Terry Bout of Ravenclaw College.The warrior of Ouagadou is a black guy from Mauritania, surnamed Dembele.Although this guy is only 17 years old, he is married, his wife is even pregnant, and he is a prospective father.However, his election once aroused controversy among the students of Ouagadou College-because Dembele's Animagus form is an African giant mosquito, and the insect form Animagus is not respected in Africa.No matter how much controversy there is, this result cannot be changed, because the ancient contract magic attached to the Goblet of Fire stipulates that as long as the warriors are selected, then they willEntry is required.Considering the self-will possessed by the Goblet of Fire, several headmasters racked their brains and failed to think of how to add another junior group without damaging the Goblet of Fire.But the commercialization of the competition is unavoidable. This is something that the Ministry of Magic of all countries agrees with, so they thought of another way-that is, the professors of each school will recommend, and then the students will select the warriors of the lower grades Assistants are selected.Of course, since it is an assistant, this assistant must be affirmed by the Warrior himself.There is almost no suspense about the 
   Warriors' Attendants
    in the lower grades of Hogwarts - even though Slytherin has some criticisms about this, Harry Potter still became the last choice.There is no way, Harry is not only the dueling champion of the same grade last year and the year before, but also a hero who resisted the black magic three times in the baby, first grade, and second grade, and he is even the most outstanding genius in Hogwarts for a century Seeker, who has only lost one Quidditch match with him so far, and that was with Dementors interfering.So when Cedric Diggory announced Harry Potter as his squire, everyone agreed to the result.Harry himself didn't expect that he was so popular, but he adapted quickly. Except for his friend Ron Weasley who felt disappointed and had a little friction with him, Harry didn't want to refuse this honor.To put it bluntly, what Harry doesn't like is 
   glory that doesn't belong to him
   , that is, the one that defeated Voldemort.In addition, Harry enjoyed all the glory achieved by dueling or Quidditch.After Lockhart heard the news, he thought to himself that Voldemort and Crouch Jr. had succeeded in the end—no matter how he had planned in advance, Harry Potter's election was undoubtedly what the other party hoped for.Although Lockhart already has a detailed protection plan, he is still curiousVoldemort's plan.Because when Crouch left, Lockhart hadn't handed over his game plan to the Ministry of Magic, and since then, he hasn't handed over the follow-up plan to anyone other than the Sports Department. Gewartz's Defense Against the Dark Arts professor is the real Alastor, so little Crouch probably won't know what's behind the Tournament.Without knowing the project, how would Crouch Jr. do it?To be on the safe side, Lockhart also handed over the map carpet he made to Moody so that he could monitor Hogwarts.In addition to the original function of showing terrain and secret passages, that map has also been modified by Lupine's simultaneous transformation spell and Sirius' tracking spell, plus Moody's own Hogwarts authority, and now it is a map. A veritable Marauder's Map, I believe this thing will never be dusty in Moody's hands.In addition to Harry Potter, several other college juniors were also selectedBeauxbaton's was Coco LaFore, a descendant of Fifi LaFore, the author of Encounter Encounter; Durmstrang chose Ingrid Kristofferson, also a Quidditch A girl from the Qi family; Waggadu’s is a young man named Joshua Sankara from Burkina Faso; Ilvermorny’s warrior attendants are personally selected by their warrior Bute, and He came from the Stewart family, which had a great connection with the Bute family.Of course, these people don't need to be so detailed. Anyway, in this magic feast, these little ghosts are destined to only become a part-timer, but the intricate relationship network of the wizarding world can be glimpsed from the identities of these people.
   
   
Chapter 140   
   
   In addition, Goldstein, Porter, and Bruce, who went to school at Hogwarts, all have branches in the United States, Patil is in India, and Qiu Zhang is in China...Little Hogwarts has become a part of world politics for a while. The essence of intersection.And Lockhart will never let go of this opportunity.Chapter 290 Lockhart on LibertyAfter the selection of the warriors and warrior attendants, just as the sports department and sponsors expected, the attention of the five-wild tournament suddenly rose to a new level.Of course, the media that bought the right to report would not waste this opportunity. After their reporters sent the live report back to the headquarters, the major media immediately started their own actions.Of course, the countries that have warriors selected are all boasting their own warriors to the sky. The implication is that 
   warriors need your support and solidarity
   . petition for re-electionOf course, these are just a means of hype. They just want to cause controversy. The warriors selected by the Goblet of Fire will not be changed no matter what.Although Lockhart has never heard of it, it seems that the warriors of Ilvermorny and Waggadu are quite famous in their country. A few days after their election, letters of solidarity from all over the world flew to the country like snowflakes. Hogwarts.Some of these letters are enthusiastic encouragement, such as stationery covered with lipstick; Directly, the letter directly stated how much money I have bet on him, and if I dare to lose, I will make you look good.Lockhart knew this because he needed to open and read all the letters.The vicious incident of the World Cup is also a good thing for Lockhart, that is, the Ministry of Magic agreed to him 
   during the Tournament, strictly register every wizard's wand or other spell-casting tool, and record its use at Hogwarts. Itinerary and correspondence within the scope of 
   Excessive requirements.Lockhart recognized that the wolf in the second article must have coriander, and the old Mu You also named the item in the same articleWhat to do, if Hogwarts doesn't want people to die, it's better to follow strict security measures.This is undoubtedly a bit excessive, and it has aroused the disgust of many people. After the plan came out, many wizards protested to the Ministry of Magic.And Fudge also let out a word, asking Lockhart to find a way to solve this matter, so as not to damage his reputation as a minister.Taking public opinion into consideration, Lockhart specially concocted an article titled 
   Has Civil Liberty Violated?
    Rita Skeeter published it in the newspaper.In the article, he divides 
   freedom
    into two interpretations, that is, 
   positive freedom
    and 
   negative freedom
    proposed by IsaiahThe so-called negative freedom refers to the extent to which people can prevent themselves from being controlled, and this is also a relatively narrow sense of freedom. Like the freedom of peace, the freedom they want is a freedom 
   not to be interfered with by the outside world
   .Obviously, it can be seen from the above two examples that the so-called 
   negative freedom
    has fatal flaws.No one can achieve 
   complete freedom
   , not to mention the internal obstacles brought about by passion and desire, even the 
   freedom boundary
    will prevent a person from achieving the so-called 
   negative freedom
   .For example, if a person wants to kill, and uses 
   the freedom to kill
    to justify himself, then he is doomed to violate the freedom of existence of others, and the resulting conflicts will make the freedom he can enjoy even worse. Less not more.Positive freedom refers to the extent to which people can control themselves, that is, people■■■EA2Freedom to follow decisions made when rational and self-disciplined, belongs to 
   be your own master
   But 
   positive freedom
    has two sides. Some of them are more positive, such as 
   compulsory education
    and 
   compulsory military service
   , which constitute the basic framework of a modern country.shelf.There are also 
   epidemic isolation
    and 
   dynamic clearing
   , which also ensure the harmony and stability of a society.But the negative part is that the concept of 
   positive freedom
    is easy to be used, such as Grindelwald, Voldemort, and Mustache, etc., use a more beautiful concept to make others obey the 
   greater interests
    he bewitched ’, and make that person think he chose to follow them out of reason.If these two concepts go deeper, it will involve a philosophical discussion on which of the 
   id
   , 
   ego
    and 
   superego
    is the real 
   self
   .But Lockhart was not in the mood to write articles in the newspaper, so he just used a few relatively simple examples as now, and Rita Skeeter said that the Ministry of Magic did not hurt anyone. 
   Positive freedom
    because everyone wants to watch the game, and watch the game safely.If you feel that you are in the middle of the market?Rita Skeeter's article has temporarily stunned a group of potential opponents. Political theorists in the wizarding world seem to be studying the article she 
   wrote
   , so they won't be in the mood to fight for a while, anyway. It's just a business game.It is the instinct of scholars to be hungry when they see new knowledge. These two explanations about freedom were only put forward by Muggle scholars in the second half of the 20th century, and they have become one of the theoretical cornerstones of the so-called 
   neoliberalism
   . I believe that Enough for these wizards to think for a while.And because Rita Skeeter's position has always been with those in power at the Ministry of Magic: no one would doubt that she would say these things.While defending himself, Lockhart also buried a nail for Voldemort, feeling very satisfied.Of course Gemma knows who wrote this article, and the part she is most satisfied with is the explanation of the    positive freedom
    part, which has been successfully misledBased on an elitist self-consciousness of 
   foolish people can't count things
   , Gemma is satisfiedCut out that part of the newspaper and kept it in my notebook.
   That's true,
    she said to Lockhart. 
   Some things you don't have to explain to those people why you do it, you just need to tell them how to do it. Thinking is really not suitable for those idiots. They don't even know what freedom isLockhart decided not to respond to her words, even though he also thought some people were really stupid, let alone Pride and Prejudice.The difference between a seasoned person and a young person is not age, but knowing what to say and what not to say, or what to say and not to say when it should not be said.It's just that what he didn't expect was that the people who read this article also included a girl who was interested in politics, and the conclusion she drew was completely opposite to Gemma's.Chapter 290 The Sixth SplitWhile eating breakfast, Hermione Granger took the freshly baked Daily Prophet from the owl's beak.After reading the news on the front page, her attention was immediately attracted to an article on the second page, which was a discussion written by Lockhart about whether increased security violated the civil liberties of wizards.Then, an uncontrollable cheer rose from her throat.
   I see!
   Hermione Granger tugged at Harry and Ron enthusiastically, and pointed to the report:    If we want to give house-elves freedom, we must first try to avoid infringing on their 
   negative freedom
   , and then Find a way to influence them to understand that the pursuit of 
   positive freedom
    like Dobby is the real freedom!
   But neither Harry nor Ron wanted to discuss this with her, let alone feel sleepy at the sight of dense text.
   Come on, can't you help Harry and let him concentrate on thinking about how to deal with those things on Halloween?
    Ron complained.
   But he's just a squire, and it's Cedric who needs to solve the problem.
    Hermione pointed out.Ron curled his lips:    It's hard to say, didn't you hear what Dumbledore said? If the warrior dies, Harry has to collect his body...
   At this time, there were a few Hufflepuff students passing by behind them. After hearing what Ron said, they glared at the three of them, and there was a feeling that they wanted to have a fight with them.But for the sake of Harry's upcoming battle, they didn't do that, and Guan Guan couldn't do such a violent thing.
   Be careful what you say, Weasley!
    said one of the boys. 
   If you're really worried about the game, you should talk to Diggory.
   Harry quickly stepped forward to calm the matter:    We will, thank you, SmithLockhart knew nothing of what was going on in the castle, and he couldn't do it now.Because the souvenir market opened in Hogsmeade finally opened, he had to go and watch it in person, and Gemma was also accompanying him to inspect it together.There are still a few days before Halloween, and foreign tourists have appeared in Hogsmeade village one after another.And if Lockhart wants to try his own 
   intermediate trade
    policy in the future, then he must come up with a statement now.Thanks to his one-year teaching at Hogwarts, Lockhart has been able to determine that wizards actually have a very strong demand for various industrial products produced by Muggles.Flea markets run by Muggle-born students have become more and more popular recently, and even professors will buy some of their fleas.As far as the purchases from Muggles are counted by the Ministry of Magic, metal ingots from the metallurgical industry and mechanical products such as automobiles, motorcycles, and bicycles account for the majority. There are some non-magic medicinal potions.As for cultural and entertainment products such as books, they were subject to the control of the Ministry of Magic and could not immediately enter the wizarding world.Wizards need to buy things from Muggles and relatively have no outlets.If this situation continues, the wizarding world will undoubtedly continue to lose blood, and currencies such as gold will also be transferred from wizards to Muggles.For example, the plane bought by Malfoy's family is second-hand, but one still needsMillions of dollars, if it weren't for the Muggle currency earned in grain futures, even the Malfoy family would not be able to afford so much gold expenditure.The essence of Voldemort's rebellion in the original book is probably the inevitable panic that occurred after the pure-blood family realized that the gold was flowing to Muggles.But now it was different, because the two transactions initiated by Lockhart had already seen profits.Originally, the Ministry of Magic had to spend 10,000+ Galleons every year to buy Muggle industrial products, and then distribute the purchased industrial products to the pure-blood families who invested, and the pure-blood families would lose 10,000+ Galleons of gold every year.But now Nigeria's oil wells can generate hundreds of thousands of galleons of income a day, even after all kinds of taxes and equipment loss, they have made a lot of money.According to the current speed, they don't even need a year to pay back the original estimate. If it works well, they can recover the previous investment in half a month, and there will be more and more in the future.In the face of this money, no matter how much Lockhart repeatedly jumps in the political arena, no matter how close he is to the Lions in politics, even if he wants to turn the International Department into his own territory, the pure-blood family will only turn a blind eye Close one eye.And Gemma Farley, who has become more and more bold recently, is the representative-Mr. Farley is no longer prepared to interfere with the choices made by his daughter.The only problem they have now is how to fabricate a pedigree of the descendants of the pure-blood family, and then find an opportunity to logically label Lockhart with 
   pure blood
    on his forehead.A person like this must be pure blood, and it must be pure blood—this is the result of those wizards' discussions.Just like the black girl Sarah Rector, she should have spent her whole life under the discrimination of whites like other blacks.But because she was so rich, the U.S. government had to force her to declare that she was white, or they would make it upThat set cannot justify itself.In addition to the oil business, the hair tonic sold by Extraordinary Pharmacists also has a net profit of tens of thousands of Galleons a week. Although this money is only a drop in the bucket compared to the oil business, compared to the traditional business of wizards, it is worthless. To describe this profit as 
   amazing
    is still an understatement.With the profits from these two businesses, the purebloods find themselves facing a sudden change in the nature of their problems.The original problem is that everyone has less and less money, so the most important thing to worry about is how to 
   reduce expenditure
   , but now after 
   exporting super
    to 
   incoming super
   , what everyone has to worry about is the money in hand Too much and they don't know what to spend.This is not a good thing. There is essentially no difference between 100 million Galleons of gold and 100 billion Galleons of gold in the family treasury. They are just a number.Money is money only when it is spent.If the money is not spent, then they are just a burden, which not only does not bring them a higher status, but also invites them to disaster.But spending money is also a science. It is impossible for them to fly a plane to throw coins directly. In that case, they will really throw coins.So after discussion, the powerful families in the wizarding world decided to accept Lockhart's suggestion and start the 
   intermediate trade
   .The basic process is that the purebloods use the money earned from Muggles to buy industrial products, and then use magic to make magical products and sell them to wizards abroad.Of course, in return, they would also buy some special magic products from the other country from foreign wizards, and then sell them to civilians in their own countries.Although doing so may seem superfluous, it means a lot to purebloods.Because when processing Muggle industrial products into magical items: they will employ a large number ofHire civilian wizards as workers and pay them wages.When a group of people had to sell their labor to them in exchange for these Galleons, they could truly control the wizarding world with money.To put it mildly, this is called    order
   , and to put it more substantively, it is called monopoly.Lockhart has already written to the sponsors, asking them to prepare a batch of their own special products as soon as possible, and he will start a more extensive and in-depth discussion with them depending on the sales volume.If he can't even handle this first 
   import and export commodity trading market
   , Lockhart himself will feel ashamed even if people don't tell him, let alone he promised Dumbledore to make Knockturn Alley from the world. disappeared.This principle is very clear, but it is a pity that not all pure-blood wizards can understand this, or they are unwilling to make changes after understanding it.Gemma secretly told Lockhart that there had been a recent schism within the Pureblood Group - her father had made an alliance with Malfoy, Greenglass, Travers, and Slughorn to form a new small group.Because there are five families in this small group, which is exactly the number of fingers on a human hand, so they named their small group 
   Golden Hands
   , and they did it with full style.And their separatist behavior has naturally earned them the reputation of 
   traitors
    among the snake wizardsIn this new small group, the Malfoy family is the wealthiest, because they not only operate grain futures, but also participate in the oil trading led by Lockhart, and they also have some securities transactions. Shares, there are also many Muggles mixed in their family's fief, and their interests are the same as those of the Malfoy family.Not to mention Slughorn, as a potion expert, he is extraordinaryA member of the Apothecaries' Guild, it was also his idea to use acromander venom as a 
   localized swelling potion
    to sell to Muggle males.As the Grsengrass family is a large traditional herbal medicine grower, the increase in sales of potions can only benefit them, so they also chose to stand with Slughorn.The Travers family is supposed to be a neutral faction, and their family has a small stake in the oil business, but their interests are more closely tied to Lockhart's policies
   Travers
    literally means 
   Taxers
   : the family's role in the British wizarding world was to collect taxes for the operation of the Ministry of Magic.Lockhart's reforms can bring a lot of money to the wizarding world and this will also bring about a surge in tax revenue, so it is impossible for this family to oppose    accession to the WTO
    and 
   intermediate trade
   , even if there is one member of his family The same goes for staying in Azkaban for killing the McKinnons.In other words, these five families are out-and-out stakeholders, so they all expressed their support for Lockhart's reforms.The traditional Snake faction on the other side is dominated by the pure-blood families of Burke, Flint, Rozier, Avery, Carlo, Knott, Yaxley and Parkinson.Among them, Borgin Bock was the most opposed to Lockhart's New Deal, because if the intermediate trade was really implemented, a family like his family that runs traditional magic shops would definitely be hit the hardest.And Flint absolutely does not want telephones, telegrams, airplanes, and postal services to appear in the wizarding world and replace his family's owl business.As for the others, needless to say, Yaxley’s kind is still a bit of a serious job, and Avery’s family has some land, but Rozier’s and Carlo’s are basically settled down. It's so desolate that only the family's house is left.The situation of the Parkinson family is also not very good. They have been trying to use the happiness of the family member Pansy Parkinson to marry the Malfoy family, so as to solve the family's plight of heavy debts.The Selwyn family was even reduced to selling the genealogy——Umri ​​in the original bookQi just pretended to be 
   pure blood
    by pretending that he had a distant relationship with the Selwyn family, and the Selwyn family, who didn't know whether he had received money or wanted power, acquiesced.As for Knott’s writing style... No one cares about him at all, as if everyone discusses the plot and never cares what the author thinksDuring the process of the split of the Snake faction, Mrs. Longbottom of the Lion faction, Kingsley Shacklebolt and Tom Abbott of the Leaky Cauldron Bar watched from the sidelines, neither agreeing nor opposing; He is happy to see their success, watching their jokes with an attitude of watching from the other side; Ollivander is in a detached position, because he believes that no matter who is in power in the end, they all need the magic wand of the Ollivander family—of course He hadn't thought that Voldemort would break the rules so crazily.After knowing this 
   secret
   , Lockhart understood why when he said he wanted Owl Post to provide delivery services, that Marcus Flint actually ignored the 
   teacher-student friendship
    between himself and him and wanted to I have to show my face.
   Thanks for having you, otherwise I really wouldn't know about it.
    He thankfully said to Gemma.Gemma Farley looked very happy.
   It's good if you know... Actually, you don't have to worry too much about them. Those guys are just trying to annoy and laugh at others. They have neither the courage nor the ability to do bad things. After more than ten years, they will become Nothing.
   As she spoke, she motioned for Lockhart to bend her arm so she could carry him back to the office at the Shrieking Shack, where they had been at Lady Puddiffe's teahouse for a long time.Lockhart showed his gentlemanly demeanor as she wished, and at the same time recorded all the families she mentioned in a small notebook in his heart.Sorry, I'm not going to wait more than ten years for them to slowly disappear, because there is no time for that.Lockhart thought.Obviously, these families will become Voldemort's most loyal after his return.The subordinates need to find a way to deal with it in advance.
   
   
Chapter 141   
   
   After a lot of effort, Lockhart finally split 5 pure-blood families from these would-be Death Eaters, which is what Dumbledore has been trying to do for the past ten years but has been unable to do. to the thing.Although Voldemort can still use his authority to oppress them, the team is not easy to lead when people's hearts are scattered, isn't it?The PS4k chapter has to be updated with 3 words tomorrow_(: [-]J B)Chapter 290 Seven    We Do Have Money
   Never in all his life had Cornelius Fudge been more proud than he was today.Thanks to various reasons such as good publicity, strong hype, and profit-driven reasons, the number of dignitaries from various countries who came to participate in the Five Powers Tournament far exceeded his expectations.In addition to more than 30 countries such as Europe and the United States who have sent representatives, even those Asian countries have sent diplomats, saying that they want to see the demeanor of strong European and American universities.As far as Fudge knows, in addition to a professor of history from the Japanese Institute of Magic, Mr. Liu Song, the chairman of the International Association of Magic (his campaign banner is shown in the movie 
   Fantastic Beasts 3
   ) is said to have sent a vice president to attend the opening ceremony God knows why they came here to participate in a school fellowship game.But Fudge didn't bother to think about it.He owes it to his big enough face, and the prosperity of the British wizarding world under his leadership, so he infiltrated his influence into the East Asian region with the largest wizard population. These are undoubtedly Fudge's 
   political achievements
   He came to Hogsmeade almost impatiently, and held a grand welcome party in the sea of ​​flowers.It has to be said that Lockhart's handwriting still shocked some small European countries, such as Liechtenstein, and they were shocked by Hogsmeade's facilities.Leaving aside taverns, cinemas are relatively rare in the wizarding world, let alone a full set of resort facilities such as ski resorts and golf courses.In the past, wizards used moving puppet shows or circuses composed of magical creatures for entertainment, or they just looked at the moving pictures in storybooks, and when these Muggle entertainment facilities appeared in a After entering the wizard village, the first feeling of wizards is very fresh.Not to mention, if you look carefully, many residents here have one or two more Muggle bicycles or motorcycles at their doorsteps, and there is actually Muggle-style running water in the house.It would be fine if these appeared in London, but they appeared in Hogsmeade, a 
   pure wizard settlement
   ... What does this mean?Compared to these things, Hogsmeade Village's new landmark, the Jack and the Pea Hotel, has not received much attention.This thing that can make Muggle tourists scream is something that is common sense to wizards, so there is no need to pay too much attention to it
   Your houses are all newly built.
    A wizard from Romania asked the question in his heart very simply:    How much did you spend? Can you recover the cost?
   Hearing him ask this, Fudge felt a little guilty, because the changes here were not only beyond the expectations of these foreigners, even he himself did not expect that Hogsmeade would have such a big change.The last time he came was before Christmas last year. Although a movie theater had started to be built at that time, overall the difference from before was not too big.But this time when he came over, Hogsmeade had already changed into something he couldn't recognize, which made him a little uncertain.Fortunately, his dog leg hurried forward and whispered a few words in his ear, telling him that most of the funds for these things came from sponsors, and after these facilities basically started to make profits, Fudge was relieved.
   We do have money.
    Fudge proudly said to the Romanian representative with his big belly, 
   how much money do we have, and how many things we do.
   Fudge's behavior made Lockhart, who was sitting in the tavern watching his performance, feel very funny, because in his impression, the last person who said this was the Mayor of London.Before the London Olympic Games, the mayor of London also puffed out his stomach like this, and said 
   we are indeed rich
    to the Olympic Committee and representatives from various countries who came to inspect.But then, because of the aftermath of the financial crisis, the bank refused to continue lending. In addition to the 60 million pounds allocated for the 1th celebration of the Queen's ascension to the throne, the Olympic-related facilities had to be reduced in construction, so that a series of big troubles followed. joke.For example, the basketball court without toilets, the stands that collapsed suddenly, the shoddy medals, the congested subways and buses, and the 1.7-meter-long bed in the Olympic Village. In mid-air for more than 5 minutes, he kept waving the flag in his hand, and asked people to find a way to get him down.Compared with these, it is not a big deal if the Olympic car killed someone, only one key of the venue was lost and athletes and spectators could not enter the venue, and a series of problems were imposed. After all, these are just organizational issues, not Problems with hardware facilities.Fortunately, Rio de Janeiro and Tokyo later set an example with practical actions and firmly supported London. Otherwise, the biggest Olympic joke in ten years would have happened in London.Seeing that Fudge also said the words 
   we do have money
   , Lockhart couldn't help but feel a bit of bad luck.He doesn't ask how well the hegemony competition can be run now, he just hopes that everything goes well and there are no accidents.After finishing this extraordinary welcome party, Fudge led several officials from the Ministry of Magic, as well as international VIPs, to the front of the Shrieking Shack.The five school warriors and their attendants had already gathered there. Together with the reporters who came to report the game, they surrounded the screaming hut, waiting for the officials from the sports department to tell them the rules of the opening match. Ticketed audience and Hogwarts students were placed in the cinema.In this theater where the traceless expansion spell was cast, the audience seats are fully lined upThere are thousands of them, and several huge panoramic telescopes are connected to projectors that play movies, projecting the scenes of the scene on the silver screen of the theater.It can be said that this is a real live panoramic broadcast.Originally, according to the procedure, Hessia Jones should announce the rules of the game, but after seeing the densely packed guns and short guns, Fudge suddenly changed his mind and took the job.
   On this Halloween, I, Cornelius Fudge, on behalf of the British Ministry of Magic and all wizards in the UK, would like to extend my sincere greetings to those who are watching the game and listening to the broadcast all over the world!First of all, I would like to thank the employees of the Ministry of Magic for their hard work o...
    He thought that everyone was listening to his speech attentively, but almost everyone present was deserting, and the tourists in the movie theater even scolded him directly. He made a sound, and wanted that fat man to finish speaking quickly.Unaware of this, Fudge completed his opening speech on his own, and then in the spotlight formed by everyone's eyes, he took the rules of the first game from Jones and officially announced the first game content of the game.In the eyes of others, Lockhart walked into the Shrieking Shack, preparing to issue 
   commissions
    to the warriorsChapter 290 The Eighth First ProjectBecause of Ludo Bagman's inaction at the beginning, the events and rules of these competitions were specified by Loha, and he knew the content of this competition without listening to Fudge's explanation.In the description of the game to Dumbledore, Lockhart claimed that the purpose of this game is to test whether the representatives of each school have enough courage and wisdom to deal with various strange events, and only those who have both Can be called a true warrior.Of course, in addition to these high-sounding things on the bright side, Luoha Temple considers more entertainment factors. He turned the entire competition project into a story, in order to make the whole world pay attention The wizards of the competition have a sense of participation.In the first game of the Five-wizard Tournament, Lockhart called it a 
   phobia
   -on Halloween night, all kinds of ghosts who had been dormant in Hogsmeade suddenly came out collectively as monsters and made this place There is no peace in the quiet little village.The most magical wizard in the village vowed to solve the problem, but half an hour later, his mutilated body was hung on the fountain sculpture of the village by the ghosts, and the residents of the village had to seek help from the outside world.And several warriors and their attendants played the role of 
   professional ghost hunters
   .Together with their assistants, these warriors must accept the entrustment of five villagers to enter five haunted houses to search for evidence about ghosts and eliminate them.Because the ghosts in these haunted houses are well hidden, they must try their best to understand the types of these ghosts without disturbing them; and find a suitable way to eliminate them.If they are accidentally discovered by ghosts during the exploration process, or their exploration behaviorIn order to anger the ghost, the ghost is likely to enter the 
   hunting
    state, and once the warrior or his attendant is hunted, the other person must complete the task of solving puzzles or eliminating the ghost alone. Hunting, then they will lose the game.Each team has an initial fund of 10 Galleons, which they can use to buy exorcism props such as Peruvian holy wood, salt, blood, amulets, or cameras from the village chief (played by Lockhart) at the Shrieking Shack , spirit sensor, developing dust, thermometer, candle, soul lamp, psychic pen and other exploration props.However, the items that can be purchased for a mere 10 Galleons are very limited. If they still have no way to know the type of ghosts and eliminate them after they are used up, then they still have to swallow the result of losing this game.In the end, the scoring standard that the warriors get is the 
   reward
    paid to them by the villagers, and this reward is also completely deceptive, and it will be composed of several factors.1o Whether the warrior and his attendants are safe.The villager pays 30 Galleons if the warrior survives, and 15 Galleons if the servant survives.2o Did the two of them disturb the ghost during the search?You can get 20 Galleons for not alerting the ghosts, 10 Galleons for being alerted but not being hunted by ghosts, and 50 Galleons for being hunted but successfully escaping.3o The time it takes to search and eliminate ghosts is the time reward.If the work is completed within half an hour, the Bei U warrior and his attendants will get a reward of 50 Galleons, and every 5 minutes thereafter, the reward will be reduced by 5 Galleons. If they enter the haunted house for more than 80 minutes or both of them are hunted, The reward for this item will be reset to zero.4o Whether the two have collected enough evidence about the types of ghosts.The evidence must be physical evidence, or evidence that is visible to the naked eye and audible to the ears. For each piece of evidence recorded, 10 Galleons can be obtained, with a maximum limit of 50 Galleons.5o Whether the two successfully eliminated the ghost.Successfully killing the ghost will give you 100 Galleons, and 0 Galleons if you fail.The reason these warriors are scored with pay rather than ratings is because the money will be carried over to the second project.Although at this time, no one on the scene knew exactly what the second project was.But Fudge also told the warriors that the more money they got in the first project, the greater the advantage they had in the second project.
   ...The rules have been finished. Now, warriors, you have 20 minutes to discuss. After the 20 minutes are over, the game will officially begin.
   After spending 10 minutes, Fudge finally finished reading the rules, and the tourists and students who stayed in the cinema began to chatter.
   It's actually a ghost!
    Seamus Finnigan's hand holding the potato chip box was shaking, 
   There shouldn't be a female ghost (pig girl), right?
   Seamus's boggart form is a female ghost, which is well known.
   Don't be afraid, Dumbledore will not let anyone die in it, and it may not be a female ghost, maybe it is an ordinary ghost.
    Dean Thomas comforted him.
   But... did you hear that just now? Fudge said 'hunt'!In other words, the ghosts in these haunted houses are not like the ghosts in our school, they will attack I”■
   This... But you see, not only Dumbledore, but also the principals of several other schools were indifferent, which shows that they know that no one will die.
   
   It's hard to tell. Didn't the previous Triwizard Tournament be forced to stop because of too many dead people?
   
   What you said makes sense...
   It was not only the students who were talking wildly, but the reporters present also began toInterviewed foreign guests and asked their opinions on the opening game.Considering that everyone is here to watch the excitement and not to mess with the scene, most of the guests answered very decently, nothing more than 
   unique
   , 
   interesting
    and the like.Among them, the views of Mr. Kinomoto, a professor of history at the Japanese Institute of Magic, are quite useful.
   
   
   Spirit removal' is also very common in Japan, and the wizards who are responsible for this work are called 
   onmyoji
    in JapanAlthough we Japanese collectively refer to these ghosts as 
   weirds
   , different types of monsters have great differences in their magic power, aggressiveness, weakness, and attack methods. In addition to the courage of the warriors to fight against monsters , They also need to be knowledgeable enough ... I think this is a game that is very suitable for the Warriors.
   The reporter who got a satisfactory answer thanked him first, and then asked another question
   So if you were playing, what advice would you give these warriors?
   Mr. Kinomoto thought for a while, and then gave his own answer.
   If it were me, I would definitely spend the initial funds of 10 Galleons, because it is really not easy to determine the type of ghosts... and there are two types of props that I will definitely buy.
   
   What props?
    The reporter asked.
   One is salt and the other is candle.
    Mr. Kinomoto replied.
   Is there any reason?
   
   Because almost all types of ghosts, such as phantoms, genies, demons, and revenants, have the characteristic of 
   leaving traces after stepping on salt
   , which allows people to quickly determine the approximate location of the weirdness in the haunted house.And candles can not only provide lighting, but also when the warriors have to face the weirdWhen hunting, they can also use candles to quickly ignite many props and items in the house, which is a function that props such as lanterns cannot provide. 
   
   Wait a minute...
    The reporter had to interrupt him, 
   Can't we use 
   fluorescent flashes, or 
   flaming flames
   ?
   
   Yes, but... how should I put it?
    Mr. Kinomoto smiled wryly, 
   Many weird speeds are faster than wizards can chant spells, and based on my experience working in Japanese magic institutes, there are very few young wizards After seeing ghosts, they can still recite the most correct spells as usual, most of them have to rely on props to resist the first wave of raids from weirdness.If the wizard already has a lighted candle in his hand when he is attacked, it is obviously better than temporarily chanting fluorescent flashes or flames. Besides, the wand in the wizard's hand must be on standby in case of danger, and is used to maintain the light spell. It's such a luxury, why not a more convenient candle? 
   
   And they're not expensive.
    The reporter understood. 
   Are there any more?
   There is also the Warriors' own strategy... No matter who wins or loses, I hope to see a wonderful game. 
   Professor Kinomoto ended the interview in a modest tone.PS 
   Fear of Ghosts
    is really a very good game Chapter 290 IX ScheduleAlthough the Japanese professor's opinion is pertinent, not everyone agrees with him.For example, a few German wizards declared that 
   no matter what kind of ghosts can be dealt with with the Cruciatus Curse
   , and a wizard from Austria probably drunk too much and said 
   just blow up the haunted house
    .It is true that, unlike Muggles, wizards have more ways to detect the existence of ghosts and take countermeasures, but considering that the Unforgivable Curse may not be suitable for use in the UK, and the use of thunderbolt explosions or flame explosions After leaving the haunted house, not only will some ghosts not disappear, but they may take the opportunity to escape, and all the evidence about the ghosts will disappear as a result, which will not be worth the loss.Of course, these people are just talking about it. No one will take their words seriously. The only ones who need to be responsible for these warriors are the warriors themselves.Harry noticed that both of the Beauxbatons girls were trembling after the first project came out - they obviously didn't like this kind of stuff.Unlike other schools that had at least one male warrior or squire, only Beauxbatons were both girls, which was obviously not conducive to their performance in the first round.Harry even suspected that Beauxbaton's students might give up the first round directly, and directly enter the second round with the guaranteed 10 Galleons and the two survival rewards.Before Harry could think any further, Cedric dragged him into a corner of the garden outside the Shrieking Shack.
   Heli, come here, let's discuss it.
   Seeing that the warriors and attendants from other schools had already started internal discussions, Cedric quickly called Harry to discuss what to do.Obviously, there is a so-called 
   guarantee
    in the first round of competition, that is,As I said just now, if a school's warriors choose not to spend a Galleon and give up the game, then they will get 10+30+15, which is 55 Galleons, to go to the second round. If they guess the type of ghost correctly, they may get more.But Cedric and Harry didn't think anyone would really choose that, not even the two girls at Beauxbatons.Because this game can be said to be reported by the wizarding media all over the world, if someone makes such a cowardly and clumsy performance, it will not only embarrass themselves, but also their school.But this means that if a team runs out of money, and the warrior and his entourage are wiped out, then they are likely to participate in the second round of the game without a penny.So in this case, strategy becomes crucial.
   We don't have to go in both,
    Cedric said to Harry. 
   I'll take care of whatever ghost we meet later. If I'm killed by a ghost, I'll die before I die.
    All the evidence and traces will be told to you through the sound transmission spell, you just need to take them to hand in the task.
   Cedric's strategy is very correct - because in Lockhart's design, the brave and the attendants do not need to enter the haunted house at the same time.In this way, if one person accidentally 
   died
   , the other person could at least get some evidence and a reward for survival.And of the two, Cedric is a sixth grader, while Harry is a fourth grader. Logically speaking, the warrior should also enter the haunted house, so Cedric decided to take the risk by himself.But Harry felt something was wrong with that.Not that he thought there was anything wrong with the strategy, but he found it humiliating, especially when Harry was sure Cho-Zhang was still watching.
   
   
Chapter 142   
   
   Cedric entered the haunted house first, but Harry himself was hiding outside like a coward. What will the girls think of you two in the future?And even though ghosts and all that seemed scary, Harry wasn't terribly frightened.—On the one hand, this is because there are many ghosts in Hogwarts, and there is even a ghost. Harry himself has seen Voldemort's soul twice, so he has long been 
   used
   .On the other hand, it is because the Dursleys do not allow Harry to watch TV, and have never taken him to the movies, let alone horror movies, and Dudley would rather throw away the picture books he has read than give them away. To Harry, so Harry has no concept of these ghosts, not quite sure how scary those things are.
   Wait a minute...
    Harry interrupted Cedric, 
   Actually, the two of us could go in together.
   
   Why?
    Cedric seemed disapproving. 
   If we both get attacked...
   
   The two of us can search separately, so that whoever gets hunted has time to alert the other,
    Harry suggested.
   But it's still too risky,
    Cedric objected.But Harry naturally has his own way of persuading others:    Don't forget, this competition is timed, it's too slow to search alone, and there are so many houses here in Hogsmeade, so many houses are too slow.
    They are all two floors or even three floors, and each floor has four or five rooms...
   Cedric was a little shaken after hearing Harry's analysis, because he was right.Harry hurriedly struck while the iron was hot:    Think about it, this competition is between different schools.
    Even if we finish the competition in the end, but the speed is slower than other schools, Hogwarts will be humiliated. 
   Cedric was persuaded by him:    Okay, but later we will go to see the haunted house. If it is a small house, I will go in alone. If there is a second floor, then we will go in.
   The two go in together. 
   Time is running out, and they have to think about the tactics behind it together, so there is not much time to spend arguing about who will go in, so this matter is settled.
   Then the second question, about the types of ghosts...
    Cedric felt a little headache, 
   I know about six or seven types of ghosts, but it's obviously not enough.
   
   I know sixteen,
    Harry replied quickly.Cedric's eyes widened in surprise:    So much? Have you studied it specifically?
   ■
   I did a preview beforehand.
    Harry admitted, 
   After hearing that the first game was held on Halloween, Hermione went to the library to check the information and asked me to memorize the 16 common types of ghosts. and their characteristics and weaknesses.
   Cedric was a little surprised when he heard it, because he really didn't expect that the game could be so 
   cheated
   .And Miss Granger... she is indeed the most outstanding witch in your year. Cedric laughed at himself, 
   It's not like me, I just went to buy a lot of candies and pumpkins, I thought today's game would be related to them.
    
   PS The tough February has passed, and there are 2k more words_(: 1J B)-------------Chapter Dividing Line---------------Of Harry and Cedric, Cedric is stronger in both magic power and spellcasting skills, there is no doubt about it.But when it comes to pre-match preparations, Cedric obviously hasn't realized the truth that    cheating is also part of the tradition of the tournament
   .On the contrary, Hermione, after looking up the history of previous tournaments in the library and successfully gaining Viktor Krum's attention, she discovered a problem—that is, almost every Triwizard Tournament There were people who cheated, and even in the few sessions where there was no cheating, it was very likely that the players cheated without being discovered.After learning that the first event of the Tournament was held in Hogsmeade, she suggested to Harry and Ron that they should try their best to ask the people in the village when they came to Hogsmeade on weekends, and look at the recent What's going on.As it turned out, over a beer on the Three Broomsticks, they learned that several witchers had recently paid a large sum of money to the Ministry of Magic's Department for the Regulation and Control of Magical Creatures, and they had made a lot of money—they were themselves getting drunk. Time to reveal it.After further questioning, they found out that the content of the order was actually a group of 
   ghosts
   , but they couldn't continue to ask about the types of ghosts, because even if they were drunk, they didn't yell about their work content.Then what they did was logical—Hermione went to look up all the information about ghosts she could find, and then forced Harry to memorize it.Seeing Cedric's question, Harry selectively told him part of it: but he only said it was his own guess, and refused to say that it had anything to do with    cheating
   .
   Now that you've done your research, is there anything you can suggest now?
    Cedric asked.Because it is related to the honor of the school, Harry did not hide his secrets:    Just now IAfter looking around, I found that everything sold there is useful, but 10 galleons can only buy about 3 items, and I don't know which ones to buy first. 
   
   for example?
   
   For example, the dust of development, if there are physical ghosts such as giant spirits, phantoms, and demons, and they touch doors or windows when they are invisible, we can use it to make ghosts leave fingerprints and other traces, but souls without bodies, Not a ghost or something.Salt can be used to judge the path of almost all ghosts, but it cannot be used as 
   evidence
   , because we cannot use salt to determine the type of ghost, we can only use it to judge the location of the ghost in the haunted house.There is also a camera, which can not only use strong light to slow down the movements of ghosts, but also capture a lot of things, but I just saw that the price is 10 galleons, that is to say, we bought the camera and did not buy other props money.In addition, there are Ouija boards that can talk to the dead, thermometers to measure the temperature of the air, lights and candles to light the fire...we need all of these, but we can't afford them all. 
   Cedric also frowned after listening:    So, we need to gamble?
   possible.
   Cedric looked up at the warriors from other schools, and found that they were also whispering and discussing countermeasures at this time, and there was not much time left before the start of the game, and they didn't know what to do with the time.With a thought, Harry suddenly thought of a solution:    Cedric.
   
   what?
   
   We can do this...
    Harry whispered to Cedric, 
   When we accept the commission, we will try to choose the one closest to the Shrieking Shack.
   
   why?
   Because it's convenient for us to buy things temporarily... You see, the rules don't say noWe came back to do some shopping when we got to the haunted house.We can start by just buying salt and candles, which only cost 2 Galleons.Then I will go to the haunted house, you stay in the shed... Don't interrupt me, this has nothing to do with courage, I will first find some evidence about ghosts, so that I can narrow down the types of ghosts based on the evidence, and then use the sound transmission spell to tell What left over items should you buy with the remaining 8 Galleons... I guess that's why each school needs two entries. 
   Harry's approach made Cedric hesitate, but in the spirit of a Hufflepuff, he didn't suspect that Harry was doing it for his own benefit, but chose to believe him.
   Okay, that's it,
    said Cedric.20 minutes is a short period of time, and soon the game is about to start.A few warriors from the school came to the Shrieking Shack, ready to receive tasks from Lockhart and buy props along the way.The real-time footage of the Screaming Shed Clock has already begun to be played on the big screen in the cinema. The central part of the screen is the main screen, which was hit on Cedric and Harry, while the four corners were put on A small 
   screen
    was created and distributed to the other four school warriors.During the competition, the panoramic telescope will track these warriors in real time. If any school has a wonderful scene, the 
   lens
    tracking that warrior will come to the center of the screen and become the 
   main stage
   .In addition, as a 
   video
   , the shots taken by each panoramic telescope will eventually be recorded on film, and will be handed down to the world as the first wizard's own 
   movie
   .And it is Hogwarts' ace Quidditch commentator, Lee Jordan, who is responsible for deciding which is the 
   main stage
   .In line with the consideration of making the best use of materials and saving costs as much as possible, the Ministry of Magic will use many differentSuch important tasks are assigned to people from the Hogwarts Student Union, and their own staff are only responsible for security and operations.Although doing so is somewhat lazy, the students also enjoyed it, after all, this is an 
   important internship
    before graduationAlthough Lee Jordan's professionalism needs to be improved, and the explanation is very subjective, but when explaining this kind of game, the passion of the explanation and the ability to make trouble are far more important than the professionalism, so it is still the best choice.What he lacks in professionalism is made up for by the 
   expatriate
   , that is, the columnist of the 
   Daily Prophet
    Zamila Gooch.Ms. Gooch is the author of 
   Practical Household Magic
   , her professionalism is unquestionable, and she also questioned Lockhart's book 
   Gidero Lockhart Teaches You to Remove Household Pests
   , saying that it is the magic introduced in it Totally impractical.Therefore, when Lockhart recommended her to serve as the 
   technical commentary
   , Ms. Gooch was quite surprised. Lockhart's performance of 
   disregarding previous suspicions
    undoubtedly enriched his image in Ms. Gooch's heart.Of course, everyone knows the real reason. The current Lockhart doesn't care about her attacks on his former self at all. He only cares about whether the five-wild tournament can be done as he wants.-------------Chapter Dividing Line---------------Seeing the official start of the game, in the studio of the movie theater, the two commentators have already started to audition.
   Ladies and gentlemen! Good evening! I am Lee Jordan from Gryffindor. It is a great honor to be the host commentator of this game, because everyone is destined to enjoy the world's top and most exciting scene! Please Look forward to it!
   Faced with such a big scene today, Lee Jordan did not have stage fright at all. On the contrary, he brought out the 
   crazy
    power in Gryffindor's bones. If he wants to go to the radio station or even magic If he can find a job at the TV station that is under construction, then his performance today will become the biggest plus point.Ms. Gooch, who was also the commentator, seemed a little reserved, but it didn't matter, anyway, her main task was not to mobilize emotions.
   Hi everyone, I'm Zamira Gooch, the home magic columnist for the Daily Prophet.
   Ms. Gooch lost her voice after dryly introducing herself, and gave the microphone to Lee Jordan. It seems that she is really not very good at speaking in public.Seeing that she gave up the initiative, Li Qiaodan took the initiative without hesitation:   Not much to say, let's take a look at the selection of missions by the warriors...Fleur Delacour, the warrior of Beauxbatons, was the first to step forward to choose the task. Ladies first, it’s understandable...Look at the village chief—our Professor Lockhart is playing the village chief, I don’t know what he will come up with What kind of things will test our heroes? 
   In the picture, Gilderoy Lockhart did not know when he put on a fake beard and a pair of thick-rimmed glasses, and also put on the common working clothes of Hogsmeade wizards.The coarse cloth robe looks like an old farmer.Lockhart cleared his throat, and greeted Fleur Delacour who came to receive the task.
   Hello, warriors, you are finally here! I am Lockhart, the village head here.Since half a month ago, our small village has been infested by ghosts, but there is nothing we can do... I wonder which haunted house this beautiful lady is going to help the poor villagers deal with? 
   After Fleur heard the name 
   Lockhart
   , she couldn't help but look up a few more times even though she knew the match had already started.
   So you are Mr. Lockhart, I have read your book...
    she said in half-baked English.While talking, Fu Rong secretly unfolded the innate magic of Veela in her blood, trying to get some more information from the 
   village head
   .But before she could finish speaking, she was stopped by Lockhart with a huatong, and it was still in French:   Thank you! But I don't remember what books I wrote. I'm just an ordinary village head. This beautiful lady must have remembered wrongly... Then, are you willing to help us solve the problem?
   As he spoke, he handed over a photo album in his hand.Furong was taken aback, because she didn't expect her magic to be interrupted like this.Sure enough, there is no one under the reputation, and the innate magic of his mother's clan has no effect at all. He is worthy of being a master of adventure.Seeing Lockhart acting so dedicatedly, Fu Rong could only refocus her attention on the so-called Warrior Trial.She picked up the photo album Lockhart handed her, and slowly opened it, sendingIt was found that there were only five pages in it, and each page only marked the location of a house and a photo of that house.It has to be said that the effect of the panoramic binoculars is really extraordinary, and they even show the details of the photos in the album.The audience can see that although the five houses are said to be 
   haunted houses
   , they are completely different when they look closely.One is a farm bungalow in Hogsmeade, one is a wooden house on a ski resort, one is on the third floor of the Three Broomsticks bar, one is a mansion villa of the Farley family, and the other is an ordinary house in Hogsmeade. Residential two-story building.When Fu Rong saw the third photo, her eyes lit up immediately.Of course she knows where the Three Broomsticks are, and she has had a drink there, and she also knows that there are a lot of people there. If there are ghosts there, it should be much less difficult than the other haunted houses.After quickly scanning through several pictures of haunted houses, Fu Rong decisively pointed at the third picture—“I choose this one.”Lockhart looked at the photo she clicked, with a strange expression on his face.
   This? Are you sure? The third floor of the Three Broomsticks?
    He asked
   Yes, that's all.
    Fu Rong repeated calmly.It's just on the third floor of the bar. If something goes wrong, you can run downstairs at any time. It should be very simple...Lockhart chuckled, in the faint light of the fireplace, his expression turned out to be a bit gloomy.
   Wow, I didn't expect the two ladies to choose the most difficult one! I don't know if they didn't do a good job in intelligence investigation or what, but they undoubtedly chose the worst one.
   In the studio, Lee Jordan shouted with an exaggerated expression, the dancinglike he hit the jackpotAfter hearing what Jordan said, Beauxbaton and the students from other foreign schools looked a little confused, and the expressions of the foreign tourists were similar.But the British who graduated from Hogwarts or the students above the third grade all showed a look of watching the show. They obviously understood how scary this haunted house is, and Zamila Gooch next to him shook his head again and again. .Upon seeing this, Li Qiaodan passed the microphone over without losing the opportunity:    I see that some foreign guests don't seem to understand, so please ask Ms. Gu Qi to help explain.Ms. Gooch didn't refuse:    Okay, let's explain a little bit... As we all know, the 'Three Broomsticks' pub has only two floors.
   As soon as these words came out, foreign tourists exploded instantly.No wonder the narrator said that this haunted house is the most difficult. No matter what the ghost inside is, its magic power is even strong enough to create a phantom haunted house. It is obviously not a guy to mess with.And what's even more frightening is that unlike other rooms where ghosts need to enter to be alarmed by ghosts, because this 
   third floor
    is entirely made of ghosts, so from the moment they step in, they have already been alarmed That ghost could be hunted down at any time.After they figured it out, Beauxbaton's students let out wailings one after another, and some even stood up, as if they wanted to inform Fleur as soon as possible so that she could change her decision.But obviously, they can't do what they want, because the rules of the Big Five Tournament make it clear that once an off-site interference occurs, the referee will deduct points according to the severity of the situation, and even cancel the rules of the game if it is serious.They can only watch Furong die, and set foot on the most difficult haunted housethe road.Jordan's tone seemed a little regretful, and I don't know if it was because of Beauxbaton'sThe two students of the school are beautiful women.
   It doesn't seem fair, because Hogwarts students are obviously more familiar with the three broomsticks, and Hogwarts has ghosts, they will be more familiar with this type of ghost.
   But Ms. Gooch doesn't think so:    Not necessarily, considering that there are professional
    exorcists in the United States: African wizards are very good at voodoo and head-down, and they have an advantage in this project. Still fair.    As she spoke, she hinted at Jordan with her eyes, signaling him not to talk nonsense.
   
   
Chapter 143   
   
   Only then did Jordan realize that he had made a slip of the tongue, and quickly brought the topic to the next stage.Down with the concubine, let's take a look at the props that 'Major Lockhart' has to offer...Under the eyes of the warrior Fleur who saw a ghost, Lockhart walked to the corner of the room, picked up a big suitcase from there, and smashed it heavily in front of Fleur.On the suitcase, the words 
   Wizeac Brothers Magic Shop
    in Diagon Alley are clearly visible.As if he was afraid that the audience would not see it, Lockhart also pretended to pat the box, as if it was dust on the checklist.Chambers, who was directing the broadcast, sighed, and then zoomed in on the 
   camera
    to make the logo on the suitcase more obvious.Li Jordan, who is explaining, is also a little embarrassed, but he also knows that if he wants to eat the job of 
   commercial host
   , he must overcome the psychological barrier.He bit the bullet, and read out all these embarrassing advertisements as fast as he could:   Different needs, same choice - all kinds of friends, guests, props used by the warriors in the first game of the Tournament, organized by Wiserac Brothers Magic Department Store in the UKProvided by the store sponsorship, the store address is at No. 177 on the north side of Diagon Alley, and accepts mail delivery and remote ordering services. Interested parties are welcome to come and buy. 
   After reading, Lee Jordan breathed a sigh of relief, and then quickly continued to explain the game to avoid embarrassment:   My God, there are so many props, let's guess what Beauxbaton's warrior will choose... Oh, she bought salt, a piece of wood, two amulets, and... a copper plate with letters written on it? Ms. Gooch, then What is it?
   Although Lee Jordan has already recognized what it is, he is very clear about how to control the rhythm and the audience's emotions at this time. When the audience needs reason, he should give Zamila Guqi the opportunity to speak.Ms. Gooch moved to the window of the studio and looked carefully at the screen, while Chambers, who was in charge of the broadcast, quickly zoomed in on the middle shot.
   It's a Ouija board, and you can talk to undead, dead souls, nightmares, spirits, etc. without angering them. You just need to write down the letters selected by the lens suspended on the copper plate to form words That's fine.That piece of wood should be Peruvian holy wood, with a high oil content, it can be ignited immediately, and after being ignited, it can stop most ghosts and monsters for a period of time, and if it is a dead soul, it can even block it for a few minutes.As for the amulet... from this angle, it seems to be made of silver. It has miraculous effects against evil spirits such as vampires, demons, and nightmares. If not, then it's useless at all. 
   Jordan spoke their minds for the audience:    So, if I were them, I'd rather not have this talisman come in handy.
   
   Yes, it's best not to use it.
   
   Thank you, Ms. Guqi, for your professional answer... Beauxbaton's warriors chose two exploratory props 
   salt
   , 
   Ouija board
   , and two protective propsWith amulets and holy wood, it cost 9 Galleons and 12 Sickles in total...Ha, if they are hunted by ghosts without knowing it, then they can only carry 5 Sickles to the second round... so let's see how our host duo will choose ! 
   -------------Chapter Dividing Line---------------Seeing Cedric and Harry enter the field, the students who were watching the game let out a burst of cheers, after all, this is Hogwarts' home court.Cedric's luck was not bad. When several schools had to decide the order of selection, he got the second one, which was enough for him and Harry to have a high choice.But Cedric and Harry couldn't hear these cheers, and they were all focused on which haunted house to choose.After seeing the 
   village head
    Lockhart, both Harry and Cedric couldn't help laughing, because they were already familiar with each other, and Lockhart had always been very elegant in his clothes before, and he could be seen wearing a wig and a fake beard , and there are not many times when you wear coarse clothes to pretend to be an old man.Lockhart coughed heavily, signaling for the two to correct their attitudes.I'm acting, be serious!
   Excuse me, two Hogwarts heroes, which haunted house are you going to deal with?
    he asked.Cedric quickly flipped through the photo albums of several haunted houses, and pointed at the fifth photo, which was the Hogsmeade house.
   We choose this.
   Then, the two ignored the messy props in the suitcase, but quickly took out the things they thought about in advance.
   We want salt, and an air thermometer,
    they said to Lockhart.
   Okay, 5 Sickles for salt, 1 Galleon for mechanical air thermometer,... don't you guys buy magic candles, dust of development and Ouija boards? Saving money on props is not a big dealWhat a good idea, be prepared. 
   Listening to his question, Cedric and Harry exchanged a look.Afterwards, Cedric looked back at the door, his body vaguely blocking Harry in front of him.And Harry took the opportunity to rush to the table and lowered his voice: Du Qing asked, Lockhart taught... the village chief, can he come back to buy things after entering the haunted house?    Lockhart nodded:    Of course, as long as you are still 'alive' when you come back, the rules do not prohibit this. 
   
   Then it's all right.
    They stepped back.Lockhart probably guessed their plan, but he didn't plan to reveal it.Although the Triwizard Tournament has been held for hundreds of years, it has also been suspended for hundreds of years, and many rules have to be perfected from scratch. Even if he sets the rules, someone needs to be in charge of controlling the field in the middle to prevent the competition An out-of-control accident occurred.And Harry and Cedric's behavior of exploiting loopholes in the rules, in Lockhart's view, is 
   controllable
   .In the game, apart from the hard power of magic, brains and luck are also very important things. As long as the warriors' behavior of taking advantage of the loopholes in the rules is not excessive, it can increase the viewing and interest of the game. He has no reason to refuse.It's just that Harry and Cedric thought they were doing a covert move, but they failed to hide from the panoramic telescope and the film in the video, let alone the audience in the cinema.If nothing else, after the game is over, the whole world will know how clever they are.Harry and the others retreated outside the door with the salt and the thermometer. During this time, Lee Jordan seized the gap again and asked Ms. Gooch what the thermometer was for.
   It's simple. I believe that Hogwarts students have accidentally passed through the body of the ghost of the college. The biting coldness is not a good memory for everyone. If someone has participated in the ghost's 
   Deathday Party
    , then I believe he will meet the ghostThe monster has a more profound experience of the influence of the surrounding.The biggest function of the thermometer is to detect the temperature of each room. Generally speaking, the closer to the location of the ghost, the lower the surrounding temperature. 
   Li Qiaodan was a little curious:    Since this is the case, wouldn't it be better to use the skin or body to feel it? Why use a thermometer?
   
   The senses of the human body are inaccurate.
    Ms. Gooch shook her head, 
   If you put your left hand in hot water for a while, and your right hand in ice water for a while, and then put both hands in warm water at the same time, the left hand You will feel very cold, and your right hand will feel very hot.
   
   I see.
    Jordan understood.
   Not to mention the spiritual impact. In a haunted house, people can easily become startled, and a gust of wind can make people creepy. Especially now at night, when we see under the moonlight It is easy for people to mistakenly think that this room is colder than the last one when the water vapor is coming out by themselves... In short, a thermometer is a good choiceBut Jordan still seemed a little worried:    But if there is only salt and candles... let's continue to see.
   Ms. Gooch was well timed, and by the time she was done speaking, Krum of Durmstrang had bought what he wanted.
   A shield of black oak, a wooden spear of ash, a wooden nail of hawthorn, and holy water purified from unicorn tail hair... It seems that the warriors of Durmstrang are ready to go directly.
    Li Jordan exaggerated yelled.
   Courage is commendable.
    Ms. Gu Qi also praised, 
   The things they bought have a clear purpose. These things are used to solve the skin of creatures that cannot be easily penetrated by magic. If those ghosts can be solved directly with magic, I will I'm sure they will use black magic...Durmstrang is famous for black magic.
   In the end, Krum chose the mansion of the Farley family, because the land thereThe shape is relatively wide, suitable for opening and closing with spears and the like.Then came Ilvermorny.What the two American students did after they entered the house was surprisingly consistent with Cedric's actions just now—one of them blocked the door, while the other came forward and secretly consulted Lockhart about something.
   Excuse me...can we sell back the undamaged and consumed props to you after buying them?
   Hearing this, even Lockhart was a little surprised.
   You mean, you use the item first, and sell it back to me if it's not damaged, right?
    Lockhart asked with a strange expression.That's what we mean by taking the husband. 
   Bout said he did not understand wrong.Lockhart hesitated for a moment:    In theory, it is possible, but... well, if you are not afraid of wasting time, then I can accommodate it, but let me tell you in advance that consumables such as salt and candles, I am not It will not be recycled, and the recycling can only be half price.
   
   Okay.
    The two said in unison.To be honest, they originally asked with the attitude of giving it a try, but they didn't expect the rules to be able to bargain.
   Then, we want an Ouija board, a magic mirror, an amulet, and an oaken shield.
    The two of them said hastily.Lockhart did some calculations, and found that what the two of them wanted was exactly 10 Galleons, and as long as they weren't triggered, these four items could all be recycled.Well, as expected of an American, he knows how to do business.Lockhart thought.But this alone may not guarantee that they will guess the type of ghost correctly, and it may even be self-defeating.When choosing a haunted house, the two American students chose a farm house.because of thisThey are more familiar with the environment. Although the school is on the mountain, their home before entering school is on the plain.But in this way, the only choice left for Waggadu students is to go to the Snow Mountain ResortWhen Deng Beicai and Sankara walked into the house full of confidence, but when they saw the 
   Snow Mountain
   , they were in a bad mood.
   Snow mountains? It's cold enough here! Why are there ghosts here? We have to spend time to get there.
    Dembele complained.
   No way, this is also one of the strategies of other schools, I bet they reserved this room for you.
    Lockhart shrugged, 
   But two, heroes can't run away! Here, this is you Ten Galleons, come and choose your props!
   Because the room was not very bright, Lockhart couldn't see the expressions of the two men, so he naturally didn't notice that the two young men were actually a little awkward at this time.
   In this case...we also have a question to ask.
    Dembele also lowered Yan Yan.
   What? Say it.
   Lockhart said in his heart that when he set the rules, he really didn't think too thoroughly. Not only the people from Hogwarts and Ilvermorny found loopholes, but even the people from Waggadu found loopholes. It seems that the second game He must be more careful.
   We want to ask... can we temporarily make props ourselves?
   
   Make props yourself?
    Lockhart was also a little uncertain this time. 
   I remember that there is a rule in the competition. It is forbidden to bring any magical items except wands when entering the venue, unless provided by the organizer.
   
   Yes, we only brought wands.
    The two hurriedly opened their hands to signal, 
   What we mean is that we use magic wands to make something conveniently.
   Lockhart thought about it carefully—since in the original book even Harry used a flyingThe behavior of summoning brooms with spells is allowed, so there should be no problem in temporarily making something when there is only a magic wand.
   It should be in line with the rules.
    Lockhart told them, 
   But only wands are allowed, and things bought with 10 Galleons are also allowed.
   
   no problem.
   The warrior of Ouagadu and his squire agreed, and seemed confident.In the end, they bought 10 silver needles and a piece of Peruvian holy wood from Lockhart, and had 3 Galleons left over, which was useless.
   That's enough,
    they said.So far, each team has chosen the haunted house and the props they will bring, and they just wait for Lockhart to announce the start of the game.
   I'm very happy to see that everyone is full of confidence. The safety of this village is up to you.
    Lockhart said in a deliberate old voice, 
   I will wait here for everyone to return safely, and besides...
   As he spoke, he raised his wand.- A blue firework flashed from the tip of Lockhart's staff, then shot straight into the sky.
   Pattern of Tranquility!
    Lockhart yelled.As the blue fireworks exploded, a faint blue magic circle appeared in the sky above Hogsmeade, enveloping the entire village of YG.Whether it is the warriors participating in the competition, or the students and tourists watching the game in the cinema, after the magic is released, everyone feels a burst of coolness and refreshment, as if a towel full of essential oils and mint water came from the They wiped it from the top of their heads to the soles of their feet.
   
    This magic can make those restless ghosts temporarily quiet for 10 minutes. This is the last thing I, the village head, can do for you warriors. You have plenty of time... What's the matter. 
   Looking at the strange expressions of the warriors, Lockhart couldn't help asking.
   We just think... Village Chief, you don't need us, you can handle these ghosts by yourself.
    Harry complained.The audience in the cinema burst into laughter.-------------Chapter Dividing Line---------------After the warriors from several schools understood the rules of the game in their own way, the first event of the Big Five Tournament finally officially started amidst the eager anticipation of the spectatorsThe first to reach the range of the haunted house was of course Beauxbaton's warriors—because the Screaming Shack was just one street away from the Three Broomsticks, Fleur didn't even use it for a minute, and rushed to the second floor of the Three Broomsticks.She searched there several times but couldn't find the stairs to the third floor. The only ladder led directly to the roof, so she had to go back to the first floor and ask where the third floor was.On the side of Rosmer Tower, she got a shocking fact—that is, there is no third floor in the tavern!
   Are you... kidding?
    She asked the proprietress of the tavern with a trembling voice.Due to the lack of manpower, not only the villagers employed by Hogsmeade Village, but even Rosmerta was pulled in by Lockhart to play the role of the proprietress.For her, this role was completely her own performance, and it would have a publicity effect for her tavern, so Rosmerta agreed.Seeing the pale faces of the two little girls in front of him, Rosmerta suddenly became playful and told them a ghost story that had been passed down for a long time.
   Probably when I was five years old...the pub was still called The Two Broomsticks and it was run by my mother.At that time, there was a little flower girl named Rosie next to the tavern.My mother likes her very much, and often adds butter that is not sold out that day to porridge for her to eat, saying yesThat would be very nutritious.Then one day, there was a goddamn out-of-town merchant, and his carriage went on a rampage in the village, and he ran into the little girl, knocked her away, and then passed out on the road.
   
   
Chapter 144   
   
   None of us knew the healing spells, and we couldn't let her continue lying on the road in the wind, so we had to send her to my wine cellar to lie down and wait for the therapist to come, but... alas!The therapist came too late!At that time, Rosie was still talking nonsense, saying that she wanted a teddy bear...
   Both Furong and Keke 
   understood
   .
   That is to say, since then, that little girl named Rosie has become a ghost here? Are we going to find a teddy bear for her?
    Coco's voice was trembling.Rosmerta blinked:    Who said that?
   
   Ah?
    The two said in unison.
   I don't know what the name of the ghost here is, but Rosie... Ah, I almost forgot to introduce myself. My name is Rosmerta, and my nickname is Rosie. Because of the untimely treatment, I still have scars on my calf. 
    Rosmerta said playfully.Fu Rong and Ke Ke were dumbfounded.Seeing this, Principal Beauxbaton, who was watching the battle, Mrs. Maxime stood up from the box on the second floor of the cinema with an angry look on her face.
   This is a foul! Dumbledore, what the hell are your people doing? It's a foul to delay time like this!
   Dumbledore had to stand up too, trying to calm Madam Maxim's emotions.
   Come on, Olim...I swear I don't know, but it doesn't seem to violate anything...
   When Madam Maxim complained loudly, Rosmerta probably knewKnowing that he was a bit too much, he kindly gave Fu Rong some pointers.
   There must be a 'staircase' from the second floor to the third floor, but the 'staircase' must be put down by the thing itself, and you are very close... Do you know what I mean? I can only hint here.
   Fu Rong had no choice but to admit that she was unlucky.She quickly returned to the second floor of the tavern, then took out the Ouija board, and began to use the small round lens on it to draw English letters, trying to talk to the ghost on the third floor.Although she lost a lot of time, she was finally on the right track, because the ghost started to respond to her.On the other hand, Cedric and Harry are also carrying out their ghost-catching business in an orderly manner.Harry ventured into the haunted house, and carefully walked around the first floor with a thermometer, but found that all the rooms had the same temperature.Although he was very scared, Harry gritted his teeth when he thought that Qiu Zhang might be looking at him, and walked cautiously to the second floor.After sneaking open the door and measuring the temperature of each room at the door, Harry was finally sure—the ghosts in this haunted house were definitely not the type that could cause the environment to cool down.He frantically went back to the notes Hermione had made for him—ghosts, genies, frost goblins, revenants, shadows, wraiths, and red ghosts would all cool down, so those types of ghosts could be ruled out.Then the next step is to see if it has left fingerprints in the house...Harry realized that because of his nervousness, the sound of panting and heartbeat seemed a little too loud in the dark.So he took a deep breath, trying to calm himself down.Because he knows that many ghosts can feel the fear of people. If a person is too scared, he is likely to be targeted by ghosts in advance. A Test of CourageHe returned to the door and began to use the sound transfer spell.
   Cedric, can you hear me? Please answer!
   He got a reply quickly.
   Got it, Harry, how's it going?
   
   I shouldn't have disturbed it, and the temperature is the same in every room.
    Harry gasped.
   Uh... what does this mean?
   
   This means that we have ruled out 7 kinds of ghosts. Next, we should find out whether it has the ability to leave fingerprints and footprints... I'm going to sprinkle salt next, and you can bring the dust of development.
   Cedric didn't talk nonsense:    Okay, I'll show up right away.
   
   Wait a minute!
    Harry thought of something again, and bought another notebook or a book after saving the dust of his development. 
   
   Book? What are you going to write?
   
   Anything is fine, as long as you can write on it...
   
   it is good.
   Suddenly, a voice suddenly joined Cedric and Harry's conversation
   How many??? Bring a few??? books, otherwise?? Not enough [ffl]!That one is a little crazySaid the crazy voice.Harry and Cedric were shocked at the same time, especially Harry, who was squatting on the stairs on the first floor and rushed out the door. When he went out, he tripped over the threshold and fell down.at the door.Fearing that the voice transmission between the two would reveal Harry's location, Cedric had to cut off the call, and then ran into the Shrieking Shack to start shopping.It seems we are still alarmed by it. 
   Cedric said bitterly to Lockhart, 
   Please give me a copy of the developing dust, and a blank notebook, thank you...
   Chapter Three Hundred and FourLess than 10 minutes into the opening, something happened to Beauxbatons and the Hogwarts warriors.Especially the Hogwarts side is even more surprising-you know, Lockhart can make most of the ghosts quiet for a long time with a single magic, but the ghosts on their side have actually started to become active.This either means that the ghost is particularly powerful) or that it itself belongs to the more active kind.Without Lee Jordan adding fuel to the fire, the audience was already whispering and worried about Harry and Cedric.As the organizer of the competition, although Chambers can continue to focus the 
   main camera
    on the two Hogwarts warriors, this will undoubtedly cause dissatisfaction among foreign tourists. The British showed their prowess.If the audience is not satisfied, then of course the sponsors will not be satisfied either.So even if it is for 
   commercial effect
   , he has to make a certain compromise and show the camera to people from other schools.
   Let's see Durmstrang's warriors next... ah, they went right in!
   Under the watchful eyes of all the audience, Krum of Durmstrang held the ash wooden spear under the armpit of his left arm, and with his wand in his right hand, he rushed into the Farley family's luxurious villa.He didn't even try to open the door, but just slammed it open.Lockhart suddenly heard a scream:Oh no, my mahogany front door!    Gemma Farley stared at the screen, holding his hands in front of his heart, as if feeling sorry for the ill-fated fate of the wooden door.When Lockhart said that he wanted to borrow an old villa from their pure blood, Gemma offered to donate his 
   temporary summer villa
    in order to 
   open the eyes of those bumpkins
   . For the Big Five Tournament.After all, it's a 
   house thing
   : so of course you have to show your support with actions, right?But now Gemma can't help but feel a little regret for her generosity.That is a mahogany wooden door. The British royal family has used it exclusively since the 17th century. The large mahogany board is full of oil, beautiful in texture, and has no worm eyes. It is not something that money can buy. , plus engraving, even the Fali family can't have much inventory.Although it can be repaired with    Restore As New
   , the texture may not be the same as the original due to the craftsmanship of the restorer.In short, the Farley family suffered a big loss this time.Following Krum and rushing into the villa was his attendant, a rather heroic and burly man with a golden ponytail named Christopherson.She held the black oak wooden shield on her left arm, and clutched the hawthorn wooden nail in her right hand, using it as a dagger, and the wand was inserted in the same position as General Thunderbolt's sword, so that it was convenient for her Unplug anytime.She wore a shield and followed Krum's left, entered the villa together, and after entering, she crouched down and made a standard knife-axe cover action, which seemed to be to help Krum sweep the formation.After the two entered the villa, unlike Harry Potter's prudence, Krum immediately roared, and the originally quiet atmosphere in the villa was immediately broken by his roar.Come out, you coward, and fight it out! 
   It doesn't matter whether Krum's roar alarmed the ghosts in the house, but the audience who were watching the game were undoubtedly shocked.Others were afraid of alarming the ghost in the house, but Durmstrang's people were afraid that it would not be alarmed, and even took the initiative to send it to the door.Although they haven't watched many horror movies, the residents of Hogsmeade Village all know that such people are often the first to die in the movies.But Krum and the others are obviously prepared, they are well-protected and well-trained.If the rumor that Durmstrang taught black magic was true, then they shouldn't be afraid of it.But Lee Jordan doesn't care so much, he always says what he has
   Hope these ghosts understand their Slavic English,
    he quipped.His tone was a bit sour, because in his Gryffindor's mind, it is a warrior's act to go up and face the ghosts with full arms like this, and like Harry and Cedric, to explore bit by bit The haunted house really didn't fit his impression of the warrior.Ms. Gooch disagrees with what the pair have done:   They are undoubtedly putting themselves in danger by doing this, although I guess this is their purpose, but even if it is to eliminate ghosts, I personally do not tend to use provocative methods, because it will make them alert, Some even display their maximum combat ability because of their madness.But in other words, if the warriors of Durmstrang are successful in their provocation, then they will become the group that solves the haunted house problem the fastest, and the benefits are also huge, so it is understandable...
   While everyone was eagerly waiting for the upcoming battle of Durmstrang's group, the interior of the villa in the picture was still so peaceful, and nothing happened.Seeing that his yelling did not cause any results, Krum raised his voice again and yelled a few more words.
   Come out! Let's compete!
   As a result, his roar echoed in the villa for a few times before returning to tranquility, like a few grains of sand thrown into the sea, without causing any ripples.Krum tightened his grip on the spear in his hand, feeling even more tense.He didn't mean to suspect that there was something wrong with the intelligence the British gave him: after all, before the game, no one knew which haunted house he would choose, and even if he wanted to do something, he didn't know how to do it.Besides, the whole game was    live broadcast
   , and the British did not dare to play tricks on this kind of issue.There was only one reason left—that is, the ghost was very cunning and refused to fight him head-on.Now it's a little troublesome...Krum would like to say something more provocative, but his English is not good enough. Even if he wants to throw out some more vulgar provocative words, he can't do it. This shows how important it is to learn a foreign language well.No matter which country people are learning another foreign language by themselves, the first thing they learn is almost all curse words, which is already very telling.For example, English is 
   TheF
   , and Korean is 
   Xiba
    and 
   Gie Seke
   ., the French is 
   merde
   , the Japanese is Yayidie...Well...there are occasional exceptions.In short, when facing the ghosts in foreign countries, Klum suddenly realized that he needed to improve his English skills, and he could no longer rely on Bulgarian and other Slavic languages ​​​​to understand 50% of the languages ​​​​and continue to be ignorant.
   Cover me, let's blow up room by room to force it out.
    Krum said to his attendants.The female man nodded, indicating that he had understood.-------------Chapter Dividing Line---------------When the main stage of the camera left Krum and turned to Ilvermorny, Gemma Farley was sincerely grateful, because she felt that she could no longer watch.The two of Durmstrang seemed to be challenging her nerves. Since entering the villa, the movements of their hands have not stopped.Every time they entered a room, they smashed everything they could see with magic, and poured holy water on it, and then went to the next room with confidence.It is undoubtedly safe to do so. After such a procedure, the activity space of the 
   thing
    in this haunted house will be continuously squeezed and become smaller and smaller, until finally it is forced to come out for a decisive battle with the two.It's just that they smashed it well, but the face of the Farley family's young lady became more and more ugly.Although it is only a villa for summer, there are many good things inside.Especially when she was working in Hogsmeade, the family loved her so much that they moved many of her favorite utensils here.She originally thought that in order to support Lockhart's work, she should pay some price, but she didn't expect the price to be so high.The antique big clock placed in the hall on the first floor was smashed by the shoulder of Christopherson, a woman who has no life sentiment at all.U!If something is broken, Gemma has to ask a special watch repairman to re-adjust the weight;Hanging in the corridor, the huge 14th-century painting meticulously painted by Giovanni was poked several holes in it by Krum in the name of 
   preventing ghosts in the painting
    and poured two spoonfuls of it. Holy water, Gemma only hopes to find a craftsman to re-frame the painting before the paper becomes moldy.And her favorite sofa, that unusually chic chandelier... A piece of expensive historical artifact was destroyed by Durmstrang's two, and Gemma's heartache couldn't be added.But the audience who were watching the game kept applauding.It may be because of the inherent destructive desire of human beings, everyone just likes to see all kinds of expensive things being tattered, even smashed to pieces, and the pleasure of destroying these valuables is even stronger than tearing paper or scraping soap .After Durmstrang's warriors destroyed the first floor, they were ready to go to the second floor to continue, but Gemma couldn't stand it anymore.Fortunately, the director turned the camera to Ilvermorny in time, otherwise she felt that she might really collapse.Compared with the actions of the previous groups, the two warriors of Ilvermorny seem to intend to use their actual actions to prove what it means to be 
   these two warriors are obviously super strong but overly cautious
   Holding wands and props in their hands, they first circled around the bungalow several times on the edge of the farm, and then began to arrange the magic tools they had prepared around them in an orderly manner.First, they continued to output magic power at the magic mirror, trying to figure out the location of the ghost.Perhaps because of their lack of magic power, the magic mirror did not show them the full perspective of the ghost, but they could still see from the ghost's sight that there was a faucet around where 
   it
    was.In other words, if I'm not mistaken, its location is either in the bathroom or in the kitchen.But Bout was still not satisfied. They gave full play to the spirit of 
   counseling
   , and let the attendant Stewart enter the haunted house alone holding an oak shield and wearing an amulet.After entering the haunted house, Stewart didn't go in like Krum. Instead, he found a corner amidst the boos of everyone in the theater, squatted down, and began to use the Ouija board.
   
   
Chapter 145   
   
   As if he was a reporter who was nagging but always missed the point, Stuart took the trouble to ask the ghost a dozen questions repeatedly, such as 
   what's your name
   , 
   your age
   , 
   what is your age?
    where' etc.If he is really successful, then this ghost-catching scene will most likely become a chattering place for rural elderly to care about single youths.Fortunately or unfortunately, the ghost here maintained a proud posture and said nothing, so that the two Americans returned without success.However, Stuart and Boot were not discouraged. After spending more than 20 minutes in the house, Stuart walked out of the haunted house unhurriedly, and handed all the items except the amulet to Boot, asking him to use the phantom Apparate back to the Screaming Shack, and come over in exchange for something.And Li Qiaodan, who was about to doze off, finally found a chance and interjected—a sentence:   Boot Apparates back to the Shrieking Shack, then salvages the props, and swaps out the thermometer, salt, and photo negatives... (yawn)?? God, it looks like they're going to take a while.
   But unlike Jordan's slack, Ms. Gooch praised the choices of the two Americans.
   If you don't consider the factors of competition, the choice of the Ilvermorni warriors is the most correct, whether it is to abide by the principle of 
   always keep someone outside to meet you
   , or to collect ghosts bit by bit through the safest means The evidence is all textbook operations.And they're also smart in their choice of execution, since junior warriors can't legally apparate yet, so like Hogwarts, they put buying and selling thingsThe task of the warrior is given to the warrior, and the 
   low value
    warrior attendant is used to explore the haunted house...I know it doesn't look very interesting, but I have to add that if you are a professional 
   exorcist
   , then only by following the procedures of the Ilvermorny warriors, you can get rid of it a hundred times or a thousand times. Guarantee your own survival during the process of eliminating demons. Warriors from other schools may be more interesting to watch, but I personally don’t recommend it.”
   Even if it's from Hogwarts?
    Jordan asked suspiciously, 
   I don't think there is any difference between Cedric and Harry.
   
   No, no, no... Hogwarts' method is only the most efficient, but not the safest.
   In the spirit of professionalism, Ms. Gu Qi explained in detail:    Because the vast majority of ghosts can be tested by the two methods of 
   body temperature
    and 
   psychic
   , followed by 
   ghost fingerprints
   , so they chose the most A quick way to get results.But this is actually very accident-prone. If the ghost in that haunted house is a 
   spirit
    or a woman with no body temperature, and the location happens to be in the corridor or hall, then Mr. Potter is probably 
   dead
   . .Again, of all the things these warriors did, I only recommend what the Ilvermorny warriors did. 
   Seeing that she had finished speaking, Jordan saw that the audience had almost rested, so he picked up the conversation and tried to revitalize the atmosphere of the scene.
   That's how it is...Thank you, Ms. Gu Qi, for the detailed explanation. If someone is interested in doing this kind of work, then he must learn these things... So what do you think of the way the Waggadu warriors did?
   Chapter Three Hundred and SixIn the switching director screen, I saw two black guys had arrived halfway up the snow-capped mountain, and were tying up straw pulled out from nowhere to look like dolls.Ms. Gooch got stuck for the first time:    ...don't know, but it looks like some kind of... head drop technique?
   It's no wonder that she doesn't know much about this kind of magic. After all, every other world is like a mountain. It's a bit embarrassing for someone like her who studies practical magic to study the witchcraft of her African counterparts.However, the warriors of Waggadu were full of confidence in what they had made. After making the straw figurine, they put the silver needles they bought on the figurine one by one. This thing came to exorcise demons.Dembele will hand over the villain to the attendant, and he will start to prepare the second prop.In front of all the audience, Dembele walked slowly into the grass on the side of the road.Just when everyone was confused by his actions, I saw Dembele took out a stack of straw paper from his pocket, put it in his left hand, and then put his right hand on his waist, and began to untie his clothes. belt.Before everyone could react, Lee Jordan suddenly realized what Dembele was going to do.
   Chambers, get the binoculars out of the way!
    he yelled.In the studio, Chambers raised his head in a daze. He didn't understand why Jordan suddenly wanted to yell like that.But he knew right away - Dembele undid his belt and pulled his trousers down to reveal his cheetah-print shorts.Chambers finally understood.He hastily dialed to the revolving frame on the slide projector, trying to immediately turn the camera back to the Hogwarts warriors.But it's a pity that his movements are still a little slow - Dembele has already quickly put the toilet paper behind him, took off his shorts, and then squatted down with a face full of satisfaction.There was a sudden burst of noise among the audience, among whom cheering, laughing, booing, and cursing abounded, and the whispers of the women talking about the size of M were completely overwhelmed.In such a situation, Li Jordan, who claimed to be a gold medal host, didn't know what to say for a while, so he had to babble a few random words, trying to smooth things over.In the end, it was Ms. Gooch who rescued him.
   As far as I know, dung eggs are often burned in African witchcraft...I think that's why,
    she told Jordan.
   That's right.
    Lee Jordan seemed to be pardoned, 
   Because most of the money was spent on silver needles, the wizards of Waggadu need to make some... ah... not so commonly used props, it's human nature.
   Unexpected sudden moments like this test a commentator's on-the-spot response ability. Jordan was caught off guard for a while and was a little sluggish, but he finally reacted in time and did not lose face.It is all the fault of the organizers. If Lockhart had told these warriors in advance that the whole match would be 
   live broadcast
   , then the warriors of Waggadu would never dare to be so unrestrained.But it's a pity that he didn't, because if he told him, the warriors would lack the presence of visiting a haunted house.Chambers broke out in a cold sweat, and switched the camera back to Hogwarts.This job is too exciting for him, and he will overturn if he is not careful.I hope that the British will act in the spirit of their compatriots and stop making trouble for him.he secretlyprayed.Luckily for him, because Cedric and Harry's side was really lively at this time, and the audience's emotions were rekindled all of a sudden.Because of the sudden 
   interruption
    of the ghost, Harry and Cedric are now walking on thin ice. They must continue to explore while enduring the interference of the ghost.If Durmstrang's people were in their situation, Krum would probably be very happy, because he could finally fight the ghost.But the ghosts in his place didn't respond at all, and the Hogwarts warriors who didn't want to encounter this kind of situation had to continue to entangle with the restless ghosts here.If one had to choose a haunted house as the scene of a horror movie, then the one Harry and Cedric met now was undoubtedly the most suitable one.Because this ghost is really too active.Not a few steps after they re-entered the gate of the haunted house, they saw seven or eight glass glasses being thrown from the position above the steps, and the shards of the glass shattered almost hit Harry.The two had to retreat temporarily, and then tiptoed into the haunted house through the back door.It's a pity that this still can't prevent them from being frightened. Just when they were about to go to the bathroom to have a look, a skeleton that looked like a mouse or some small animal jumped past them again.That's not all, when they saw the footprints everywhere on the ground because of stepping on salt, in order to avoid the direction of the last footprint, they had to hide in the closet again;Just when everything was quiet and the two of them thought they could go out, the crazy singing of the ghost sounded from upstairs again, and it sounded like a weird tune, probably it was created by itself.Harry felt that if Lockhart hadn't cast the tranquility spell first, the ghost would have killed him by the time he used the thermometer.Just as the two were carefully sweeping the salt in the living room, and spread out the notebook on the stairs, the faucet in the kitchen was suddenly turned on by something, and water began to flow out, and it still looked like bloody dirty water .Harry and Cedric quickly hid, until the sound of opening a drawer was heard upstairs, Harry and the others came to the kitchen together, and blew a circle of golden powder around the faucet one pair, which was used by Newt. The kind to detect traces of magical creaturesBut nothing appeared around the faucet or on the ground, not the ghostly handprints or fingerprints that Cedric expected.
   Oops.
    Cedric frowned and whispered, 
   I bought the dust of development for nothing, and so did the thermometer.
   
   No, it's not in vain.
    Harry also answered him in a low voice, 
   We can be sure that it has been tapped, but it has not left fingerprints, which helps us rule out a few more wrong options. I think we are now It's pretty close to the right answer.
   Strong? 
   In Cedric's astonishment, Harry quickly started his own reasoning:    It doesn't have a cooling physique, which means it's not the 7 types of ghosts. And it can come in and interrupt when we speak with magic, which means it's not a ghost baby either.
    (Myling). Yuling (Gry) and female ^ (Banshee), then it can only be a few punches that may have no entity
   
   Is it a Piltergeist like Peeves? I see it throwing things around.
    Cedric asked hopefully. 
   If that's the case, it won't be difficult to deal with.
   
   Probably not.
    Harry punctured his fantasy, 
   Soul Ling will leave ghost fingerprints, but you have seen it now, there are no fingerprints of it here.
   
   Then it is...
   
   Wait.
    Harry said succinctly, 
   If there is really something written in that notebook later, then I can guess what it is.
   
   Looks like we'll have to hide for a while longer,
    Cedric said helplessly.So they stooped quickly, went back into the closet, and continued to play hide-and-seek with ghosts.A few minutes later, when the ghost took a walk around and yelled 
   Where are you, kitty?
    and went upstairs again, the two emerged from the closet again.After looking at the doodles scribbled with various paints on the notebook, Harry smiled triumphantly.Seeing him like this, Cedric also showed joy:    How, are you sure?
   
   There are only two left...
    Harry said to him, 
   Either it is a normal 
   Spirit
    J, or 
   Nightmare
    J, I think the probability of the latter is higher.
   
   Is there any way to tell the difference?
    Cedric asked again.
   Yes, because the soul is still alive, it has a magnetic field of life. Although the nightmare has no entity, it has a spirit ball.
    Harry said simply.Cedric thought about it quickly:    When it threw the glass down, I seemed to see a small light flashing on the steps...
   
   That's the spirit ball.
    Harry was overjoyed. 
   It's a nightmare!
   
   Okay, now we know, we definitely can't fall asleep or get knocked out.oo So what's Nightmare's weakness?
   
   Let me think... I remember! It's a bright light! Yes, no wonder there are so many candles and kerosene lamps in this room, but this ghost has never lit them.
    Harry suddenly realized.After hearing the words, Cedric made up his mind:    Bright light? Leave it to me!
   He did have reasons to feel relieved—wizard, isn't it easy to make something brighter if you can't make other big scenes?-------------Chapter Dividing Line---------------After Harry and Cedric packed up the evidence and discussed the tactics, they officially started the last step—the exorcism.Knowing the weakness of the goblin, the goblin that had to be avoided before was no longer a scary thing, let alone Harry was sure that his cards could handle it.What he was most worried about was that if the ghosts here were spirits or elemental creatures, or werewolves, vampires, female ghosts and other fleshy things, then the spell he practiced for a whole year last year would be useless up.The two drew their wands, and Cedric cast a Chromatic Charm 7 on Harry's glasses, turning his glasses into dark glasses.Then, the two quietly climbed up to the second floor together.At the door of the haunted house, the two looked at each other, and then kicked the door open with all their strength.Seeing that the two children came to 
   send their death
    on their own initiative, and there were no amulets, holy water, holy wood or other things that made him feel uncomfortable, the nightmare suddenly let out a strange smile, and then opened its two ghosts. The blue 
   hand
    that seemed to be still glistening with blood rushed towards the two of them with a grimace.But neither Cedric nor Harry was afraid, because they already knew that although the ghost face and ghost hands looked scary, they were all fake, and the only entity in this nightmare was the gleaming ghost in the middle. Orb of light.When the nightmare approached, Cedric took the lead in chanting the spell aloud.
   Lums_Maxima!With this incantation, the dark hut was instantly filled with the light shining from the tip of the wand, which was as dazzling as the noon sun, illuminating the room like a cloud.Same as daytime.Nightmare screamed and wanted to back away from the sudden bright light.But Harry wouldn't just let it go, he uttered the spell that took the world by storm and even got tattooed on the arms of many Muggle youths:   Expect_Paternum (Expect_Paternum)!— A silver-white mist gushed out from the tip of Harry's staff, then materialized in the air, and finally condensed into the shape of a stag.After the stag jumped out from the tip of the staff, it immediately lowered its head, kicked off its four long legs, and used the antlers on its head to hit Nightmare's spirit ball.Nightmare might have been able to escape, but under the strong light, it was in so much pain that it even lost the ability to perceive, so it was hit straight by the stag with almost no resistance.The spirit ball hit by the patron saint is like a daylight bulb that has been cut off: it flashes and then disappears into the air, and only the echo of Haru's roar is left in the empty hut.The stag that had completed the task of suppressing the enemy gracefully jumped back to Harry's side in a halo of light, stuck out its tongue and licked its master before disappearing into the air, leaving behind Cedric and Harry in the darkness. Harry gasped heavily and looked at each other.   Fixed?
    Harry asked.
   should be.
   The muscles on Harry's face gradually relaxed:    Then... let's get the evidence and go back and hand in the task.
   Cedric also breathed a sigh of relief:    Okay, but I think the time must have passed.
   
   It can't be helped. We've been hiding in the closet for too long. Maybe Fleur and Krum have gone back.
   
   I'll take your followers to reveal, so it can be a few minutes faster.
   thanks.
   You're welcome, it's a pleasure to work with.
   
   Pleasant to work with.
   Seeing that the Hogwarts warriors had solved their mission goals, cheers erupted in the cinema.There was no way, after all, it was the home court of Hogwarts, and there were the most people cheering for Cedric and Harry no matter how they counted.Mrs. Maxim, Karkaroff, Mbabazi and Mr. Potter all had ugly expressions, but they must admit that the Hogwarts warriors did a very good job just now.sctbr~i1 shows ^^
   Anyway, it's just the first project.
    Karkaroff said angrily, 
   WeThe people are not too slow...the last room is coming soonAs he said, when everyone's eyes were on the main stage, Karkaroff kept paying attention to Durmstrang.Krum and his duo went all the way to the room, and after encountering a few small traps in the middle, they finally reached the last room.Obviously, if that thing is hiding, it can only hide here.Christopherson cautiously made Krum take a step back, then kicked himself, kicking the door open.Then the two backed away quickly, waiting for a possible attack.However, the strange thing is that nothing happened, and the room was as quiet as the previous room.
   
   
Chapter 146   
   
   Through the door, they could see the setting in this room—it was a large room with floor-to-ceiling windows, and the moonlight outside lured through the windows and sprinkled on the floor, reflecting a silvery tranquility.Apart from a big bed and a small swing hanging on the roof near the window, there is nothing else in the huge room.
   Oh, that's my bedroom.
    Gemma said weakly to Lockhart, 
   I like to sleep in an empty room.
   Lockhart patted her on the shoulder sympathetically—the ghost in this haunted house was put in by Lockhart, of course he knew what would happen next.Christopherson stepped into the door attentively, and looked around vigilantly for a few seconds, but still found nothing.Out of caution, Krum didn't follow up, but gestured to his partner with his eyes, telling her to smash the bed.In Gemma's heartbroken voice, her big pink bed was smashed to pieces by the girlish barbarian.However, after everything in the room was smashed clean, there was still no change here, as if the two of Durmstrang were just here to demolish.The female man stomped her feet, and finally got a little annoyed when she found that she got nothing but an echo.
   Hiss...the British didn't trick us, did they?
    She asked her partner carelessly.Krum also scratched his head, he didn't expect it to be like thisHowever, at this moment, strange things happened one by one.Just as Christopherson turned around angrily, Krum suddenly caught a glimpse of a black claw suddenly appearing from the shadow cast by the moonlight behind the door.
   Be careful!
    he yelled immediately.However, it was too late, the thing pretended to be a grandson all night, just to be in front of his eyes.This moment is the master.It jumped up from the shadow behind the door and fell into Christopherson's shadow, and then the giant claw protruding from the shadow pinched the woman's thighs, and black shadows followed her. The body is climbing up.
   Ah???
    Christopherson screamed.However, before she could finish shouting, her voice changed its tone.After the giant claws took control of the female warrior, she immediately made her lose the shield in her hand, as well as the hawthorn nail that made her feel extremely uncomfortable, and her eyes also glowed green.
   Back??
    the thing controlled Christopherson's mouth and said, 
   Otherwise I won't guarantee that she will still be alive to see the sun tomorrow.
   But Krum didn't mean to back down at all.
   Very good, you are finally willing to come out.
    Krum said coldly, 
   As long as you are willing to come out, it will be fine.
   Without any hesitation, he stretched out his wand in his right hand, and sprayed a purple mist towards Christopherson.
   Well—
    The thing was startled and angry, 
   You are—
   Krum didn't intend to talk nonsense with it. After using the spell, he picked up the ash wooden spear under his left arm and rushed towards Christopherson.That thing wanted to control the female man to avoid it, but it was surprised to find that this seemingly powerful body became limp at this moment.With just this momentary delay, the front end of Krum's wooden spear hit the blond female warrior's abdomen, knocking her into the air.The ash wood pole does have the effect of exorcism, otherwise the prop shop would not sell it.The thing was hit by this, and the black shadow surrounding Christopherson actually hadThe body has disappeared, and the shape has a faint tendency to break.Seeing Krum rushing forward again, the thing was so frightened that it left Christopherson's body and burrowed into the ground again.But this time it miscalculated - Krum used his foot that has attracted countless golden snitches to hook the hawthorn nail on the ground, and then threw a throw at the escaping shadow on the ground.Hawthorn nails nailed the thing firmly, and then the shadow turned into wisps of black smoke amidst screams of unwillingness, and disappeared into the air.This series of changes completely frightened the audience who were watching the battle. Almost everyone was shocked by Krum's decisiveness. Not everyone was able to react correctly at the first time and attack their companions.But Krum just dropped the weapon on his body indifferently, went up to check on Christopherson, found that there was still air in her nostrils, carried her on his shoulders, and walked down step by step. Stairs, with a calm expression, as if he just went to the market to buy half a piece of pork.The audience immediately chattered.
   This... this is really cool!
    A Hogwarts girl said with sparkling eyes, 
   I will never hesitate to do anything. Is this the world's number one genius Seeker?
   Hermione obviously heard this sentence in the crowd, but what she was more curious about was how Krum managed to kill his companion without hesitation.Of course, if Hermione knew a little more about the history of the First Wizarding War, she'd know how many wizards in Europe were under the Imperius Curse while Grindelwald was at it.For these Bulgarians who are on the front line of the battle, either they will kill their relatives who have been cursed with the Imperius Curse, or they will be killed by those relatives. Only by building can we becomedecisiveUnder the influence of this kind of family education, even though Krum is still very young, he has reached the point where he can get the correct answer without even thinking about this kind of thing, and there is no psychological barrier.In fact, when everyone watched this game, they would only have one impression of Krum, that is 
   ruthless enough
   , and Hermione was no exception.
   There are no good people in Durmstrang!
    was what Ron had told her.Chapter Two Hundred and Eight Nobody Cares SecondAfter the Hogwarts warriors tackled the first item, the men of Durmstrang followed, also completing the first game.It's just that anyone with a discerning eye can see that the Hogwarts people are far ahead in terms of time spent and task completion.It is precisely because of this 
   winner's margin
    that the audience still applauded Durmstrang, and everyone was cheering except Gemma, who was still heartbroken for her house.Ms. Gooch asked Chambers to replay it through the omni-directional telescope, and finally recognized the spell that Klum had just cast.
   It's the Curse of Weakness. Although it's not very advanced black magic, it can be used with silent spells. It can be seen that Durmstrang's students have trained a lot on it...
   Looking at Ms. Gooch's appearance, she obviously doesn't like this very much, even though the curse of weakness is legal black magic.Lockhart was busy dealing with his little girlfriend at this time. After all, the organizer was indeed responsible for the house being smashed, and Gemma was not arrogant enough to bear all the losses by herself.After promising to reimburse him for the repair, Lockhart watched as she used the fireplace to contact the furniture repairer in Diagon Alley.The person she contacted turned out to be Bo Jin Bo Ke, the owner of the Bo Ke shop, a profiteer Bo Ke.Although everyone has political differences, Bock's attitude is still pragmatic, but the money that should be earned must be earned. Besides, Gemma can find someone else even if she doesn't look for him. Seeing that everyone is pure blood, they only charged half the usual price.Seeing Mr. Bork's quotation, Lockhart was a little speechless.
   Why do you have to ask Bock to do it? The Magic Equipment Management Office can also help with repairs.
    He was a little unhappy.But Gemma looked at him with a very strange look.
   Are you crazy?
    she whispered to Lockhart. 
   Anyway, the Ministry of Magic is reimbursed, and your department is not short of funds. Why save money for them?
   Lockhart had nothing to say—on the path of human evolution, some things are obviously self-taught.Although Gemma took a lot of time to do things, even after she finished contacting Bock, the Hogwarts and Durmstrang warriors all returned, and the other three groups could not finish their affairs.Fortunately, Ilvermorny didn't make the audience wait too long. After Gemma discussed the repair work, they finally solved their own side and returned to the screaming shack.They wouldn't have been so slow, but because they were unlucky and encountered a strange and strange genie (Jinn)For a spirit with a body, it is too good at mischief-some, whether it is in the doorway, woodshed, toilet or corner, it has set some innocuous/
   traps.For example, the mat at the door, which was covered with black asphalt, made it difficult to move after stepping on it;Another example is behind the kitchen door, it hangs a paint bucket on the door, as long as someone carelessly pushes the door open, the face will be covered with paint;There is also the carpet on the steps of the attic. There are a lot of glass balls secretly stuffed under the steps in the middle. If you step on it, there is a high probability that you will slide down the stairs and hit the ground on the back of your head first.In short, there are many such traps, and the warriors of IlvermornyAnd was delayed for a long time.
   It's like watching 
   Home Alone!
   
    This is what the residents of Hogsmeade commented.Because 
   Home Alone
    is a standard Christmas comedy, although the price is not cheap because it has only been out for a few years, it was still bought by Lockhart and it aroused wide acclaim in Hogsmeade. .And as the two 
   thieves
    who were teased by the 
   little devil
   , the warriors of Ilvermorny didn't feel very good, especially when the two of them were still walking 
   cautiously
   After each trap was discovered or triggered, they had to stop and deal with it for a while, and beware of that thing's mischief by the way, so that they spent a lot of time unconsciously.Despite a flawless job of gathering evidence and killing spirits, it took them over an hour to get back, well behind Hogwarts and Durmstrang.
   At least they finished the game,
    Lockhart said to Gemma.After the school finished the game, the Panoramic Telescope gave up tracking their cameras, so only Waggadu and Beauxbatons were left on the screen.And looking at the situation on the screen, Lockhart thinks that both of them are very likely to fail to finish the game.Ouagadu because Lockhart saw their preparations, and Beauxbaton's because they estimated that they would not be able to leave for a while.After some communication on the Ouija board, Fu Rong finally knew the name of the ghost on the 
   third floor
   —Anne Boleyn.If you don’t know who Anne Boleyn is, here’s a brief introduction—she was Her Majesty the Queen of the Stuart (also translated as Tudor) dynasty in England in the early 16th century, and she was also the founder of the British “Golden Age” Mother of Queen Elizabeth IDear.Anne Boleyn made great achievements in British foreign affairs and domestic affairs, but in the end she was accused of using witchcraft to confuse Henry VIII and make him abandon his wife and daughter because of the power struggle. Adultery with a hundred men
    and other 
   crimes
    were finally chopped off by the executioner invited by Henry VIII.After hearing the ghost's name, Fu Rong knew that she couldn't deal with her, so don't even think about it.But Naihe was in a competition now, so she had no choice but to bite the bullet and proposed to 
   visit
    this lady.Fortunately, Queen Boleyn spent several years in France and Austria as a diplomat and French translator when she was young, so there was no language barrier between Anne and the two warriors of Beauxbatons.The ghost did not refuse, but opened the 
   stairs
   , allowing Furong and Keke to come to her room.The interior decoration of this haunted house is quite gorgeous, as if it is a salon where ladies often gather, and Anne Boleyn also invited two girls to sit down at her table, and thoughtfully served them Magic brought tea and snacks, of course they came from the Three Broomsticks downstairs.It was like a court tea party, and the three ladies chatted under the watchful eyes of the audience,
    even if one of them had been dead for more than 400 years.Queen Anne had a good impression of the two warriors of Beauxbatons, which may be related to the fact that French was used as the 
   noble language
    by the British upper class in those years.She praised Fleur, saying that her speech and behavior were very appropriate, even in her day, such a woman was capable of taking on greater responsibilities.As for Coco... children, cuteness is enough.They chatted very happily, only the audience who were watching the game sufferedAlthough it is considered courage to have a tea party with the ghost, such a match is really nothing to watch, and Furong and the others are definitely not capable of destroying this ghost, so everyone would rather pay attention to Waggadu.But after seeing the warriors of Waggadu made dung eggs, scarecrows, and brought the holy wood, Lockhart stood up.
   What's wrong?
    Gemma asked strangely.
   The two guys are about to overturn, I'll deal with it.
    He simply explained.-------------Chapter Dividing Line---------------Although the match between Beauxbaton and Waggadu has not yet ended, there is basically no suspense about the result of this match, and everyone will not want to pay attention to who is fourth or fifth.The dignitaries brought by Fudge had already congratulated Principal Dumbledore, praising the Hogwarts warriors for maintaining the dignity of the British wizarding world.For the British Ministry of Magic, the Big Five Tournament's biggest role is to publicize how the British magic world is thriving under their governance, and the strength of the students is naturally the best embodiment.As for the business and entertainment that Lockhart valued very much, they were not very important to them.In addition to the dignitaries of their own country, foreign dignitaries also came to Dumbledore.Of course, they made a special trip to find Dumbledore not for compliments, but for another mission.
   This is the vice-chairman of the 
   International Association of Magic
    and Mr. Kinomoto, a professor of history at the Magic Institute, and they want to discuss with you the possibility of sending international students to each other. 
   The translator said to Dumbledore, 
   They heard that you are the president of the 
   International Federation of Wizards
    on the European side...
   
   I agree with all normal academic exchanges in principle.
    Dumbledore expressed his attitude very simply, 
   I guarantee that no matter who comes, they will not be discriminated against at Hogwarts.
   
   Of course we believe in your guarantee.
    The two Asians said politely, 
   But there is no precedent for this kind of thing. We hope to reach a consensus on issues such as dispatch form, settlement arrangements, and scholarships, as well as publicity. ...
   Although Dumbledore didn't say anything on the face, he was not very good at such trivial matters, so he could only listen quietly, and only gave his opinion after listening.see
   I can only guarantee the best security for your international students within the scope of the school. I can also be responsible for the scholarship, but please consult and discuss with Gilderoy Lockhart for the promotion and dispatch standards. He is now the director of the Department of International Affairs and Cooperation in the UK, and he is also a member of the International Federation of Wizards.
   Lockhart's promise of 
   making Hogwarts the first choice for international students
    now seems to have achieved some results, and Dumbledore doesn't mind fulfilling part of what he made to Lockhart while realizing his vision. promised.
   With your words, we can rest assured that we will discuss it with him.
    The visitor obviously had investigated the situation on the British side before, so when Dumbledore handed over the task to Lockhart, the visitor did not know what to do. There was no expression of surprise.On the big screen at this moment, Lockhart happened to appear on it.It's not that he wants to be on camera, but that the warrior of Waggadu turned over tragically as he said.Logically speaking, Waggadu should not have made such a mistake, because they have already perfected their ability to use witchcraft dolls to lower their heads.In their plan, they would first ignite the dung eggs they made, and draw the head-down runes on the warrior attendants in advance.After the ghost in the haunted house is up and down, the warrior will light the holy wood and use the lit holy wood ash to temporarily control the ghost on the attendant.Finally, when the ghost is on the body, the warrior can use the voodoo doll he made to synchronize with the ghost, and then insert ten silver needles into the doll's body from the hands, feet, head, and torso to weaken the ghost's ability to move.Finally, when the silver needle pierces the doll's heart, the dementia will be completed.Of course, if they are in a tribe, they will also get some spices or olive oil to smear on people's bodies to prevent the body from being injured by ghosts.
   
   
Chapter 147   
   
   However, considering that they wear thick clothes in the UK, there is no need to do more.As a person who often does spirit removal work, logically speaking, they would not overturn their car no matter what if they were already prepared.But there was a little problem in the final execution of Naihe's tactic—the one in the snow mountain house was a cramp soul, or a female twin.Therefore, the warriors of Waggadu had almost no doubts, so they regarded the first female ghost they found through spiritism as the Snow Maiden. In addition, it was already a bit cold in Scotland at the end of October, so the two of them did not go to search specifically, so they Moved directly.—The beginning went smoothly, they trapped the ghost on Sankara's body, and then used holy wood to inactivate it, and then Dembele inserted the silver needles into the witch dolls one by one.Originally, it wouldn’t matter if he moved a little faster, but in this kind of weather, his hands were a little stiff from the cold. I believe that anyone who has played King of Glory in an unheated room in winter knows that his fingers will be stiff in this situation. How inflexible it has become.So if he wanted to insert the silver needle into the scarecrow accurately, he had to slow down.When Dembele finally inserted nine needles and was about to insert the tenth needle at the doll's heart, the burning ashes of the holy wood finally lost its effectiveness.Another ghost in the twitching soul suddenly appeared there, and attacked the two Vagadou warriors who were concentrating on the ceremony and were caught off guard.Cold hands wrapped around Dembele's back, and then the ghost claws went straight to his heart.Although it is said that according to the wizard's medical level, losing his heart for a few minutes can still be rescued, but if he is really succeeded by it, he will undoubtedly have to lie in the hospital for several months.When Dembele found out that he was caught, he immediately made two gestures, and his body was gradually shrinking, trying to escape as a mosquito.It's a pity that it was too late, and the ghost's claws gradually closed, covering the giant mosquito like a flytrap. Even if the giant mosquito used its extraordinary strength to escape from the ghost, Sankara who stayed there would be dead.At this moment, Lockhart finally appeared beside them.As the organizer, Lockhart definitely couldn't put the lives of the guests in danger, and he also watched the people from the sports department put the cramp soul in the hut, so he couldn't make a mistake.Therefore, when he saw that Waggadu's two people had only prepared a witchcraft doll, he had a premonition that the car might overturn, and the result was exactly as he expected.
   All bound!
    Lockhart yelled lazily.The convulsed soul that was still arrogant just now was bound tightly by an invisible force and turned into a 
   ghost pillar
   In fact, as a ghost, the convulsion soul is not difficult to deal with, especially considering that this is the relationship between the snow mountain hut, the warriors who come here will definitely encounter difficulties in searching for evidence, so in terms of preparing ghosts, the Department of Sports chose splinterNot only does it have a body, it is afraid of all kinds of things rich in magic power, and most of the small curses can take effect on it. As long as the warriors are prepared, it is not difficult to deal with, even if it is a low-grade student who uses magic spells to harden it. It's impossible to lose just now.It's a pity that the people in Waggadu were careless...According to the rules, the two of Waggadu's men can already be counted as being 
   hunted
   , so Lockhart appeared here and controlled the anxious ghost in the twitching soul in time.
   Then he used an expulsion spell on Sankara to drive it out, and then sent a binding spell to completely control the pair of twitching souls.Looking at the giant mosquito in the air slowly returning to its human form, the members of the International Society of MagicCan't help but envy.
   That's great...they can practice shapeshifting at will...
    The visitor said enviously, 
   With your permission, we hope to put the terms of communication about shapeshifting on paper.
   Seeing that the other party finally talked about his profession, Dumbledore had to respond.
   Can't you? Although Animagus is a bit difficult, it won't make people helpless, right?
   But the Asian man shook his head again and again, indicating that he was not talking about that question.
   It's not a matter of difficulty. There are regulations in our country - after the founding of the country, animals are not allowed to become spirits, so the art of animal transformation, which is what you call Animagus, cannot be learned in China, and can only be learned when going abroad. .”Dumbledore said that he did not understand, but he decided to respect the other party's choice.
   Then what request does the Japanese side not know?
    He looked at Mr. Kinomoto again.
   I don't have any doubts.
    The other party smiled, 
   If the little girl enters Hogwarts in the future, please take care of the headmaster.
   
   That's not a problem, Hogwarts will give her the best education possible.
   Dumbledore agreed to Kinomoto's request, but then he became curious
   Why not go to the magic school? As far as I know, it is also a very excellent magic school.
   
   Iwo Jima is too hostile.
    Kinomoto sighed, 
   It's inevitable that I will be a little bit stingy, and I can't bear her to study in that kind of place.
   Dumbledore still didn't quite understand what he meant.This is mainly because Dumbledore is not very clear about the Asian battlefield during World War II.If he knew that Japan and the United States had left nearly [-] dead bodies on Iwo Jima, he would probably understand better.Chapter 310 SettlementBeauxbaton's tea party ended two hours after the game started.During these two hours, Fleur was not in vain, at least she already knew the ins and outs of Queen Anne's appearance here.Because she was a witch, and worried about her daughter Elizabeth I: so after being beheaded, she turned into an earthbound spirit: stayed in the British royal palace.—At first Henry VIII didn't believe in the ghosts that his servants spoke of. After all, there are many people who don't believe in God in this world, and his degree of not believing in God is second only to the Pope, so he didn't take it seriously at all.But when he himself bumped into ghosts a few times, he finally got scared.Not only did he go to the church to pray many times, he also found the head of the Malfoy family at the time and entrusted him to deal with Anne Boleyn's soul.But then the head of the Malfoy family saw an opportunity.The Malfoys have always wanted to intermarry with the royal family, but due to their low status (relatively speaking), they have never been able to find any opportunities. Anne Boleyn's only surviving daughter, Elizabeth, is undoubtedly a very good marriage partner.So he pretended to come to the palace and took the opportunity to meet the immature ghost queenHe was sure he could destroy the ghost in the blink of an eye, but it didn't do him any good.So the Malfoy family reached a deal with Anne Boleyn-he was responsible for transferring her soul to Malfoy Manor and protecting her daughter from growing up, but in the future her daughter would marry his grandson.Considering that Catherine and Princess Mary are unlikely to let their poor daughter go, she needs someone to escort her, so Anne Boleyn agreed to Malfoy's blackmailBut what happened later was beyond Patriarch Malfoy's expectations—because Elizabeth actually ended Bloody Mary's rule and became queen.And when she became queen, the Malfoy family could no longer use this to blackmail her, because doing so would cause wizards who wanted to replace the Malfoy family at any time to swarm up and collectively kill the Malfoy family.At this time, Anne Boleyn has become a hot potato instead, which is really impossible to kill and use.In desperation, the Malfoy family had no choice but to find a quieter attic, and placed the queen's soul there, which was regarded as supporting her.And the reason why she appeared here was purely because Her Majesty the Queen felt bored recently, so she wanted to go out for a stroll.After Lucius Malfoy heard that Lockhart was collecting ghosts, he took the opportunity to sell him a favor, saying that it would allow His Majesty to find an opportunity to relieve his boredom.In this way, Furong and the others became professional chatters, and chatted with Her Majesty the Queen for more than two hours.In front of them, Her Majesty Anne also    held
    the teacup in her hand, and drank all the tea in her cup.
   ...I like this peaceful small village very much. I will live here for two more months, and I will go back after two months.
    She said to the two.And this scene once again made Fu Rong feel very lucky that the ghost-like ghost could not condense a spirit body close to the entity like this, let alone make such 
   eating and drinking
    movements.Although this process was a bit outrageous, Furong and the others 
   expelled
    the ghost anyway, and got far more information about the ghost than other warriors. Heraldry handkerchief, by no means can not say that there is no gain.Finally, Her Majesty the Queen raised her hand lightly, and the two of them floated down from the third floor,Back to the door of the Three Broomsticks.When the two of them returned to the Shrieking Shack with great relief, they found that the other four school warriors were already there waiting for them.
   Oops, we are the slowest.
    Coco muttered.Cooked  let out evil burden   level  miserable  flattery empty melon loyalty scorpion law osprey chaff caries  take  color choking rose copy! ?/p>Having said that, Fleur still made a curtsey and apologized to those present.Seeing that all the warriors had arrived, 
   Village Chief
    Lockhart did not continue to procrastinate, but simply started the settlement of the first match.
   Vagadou... You two showed good exorcist qualities in this game, whether it was making exorcism props or facing ghosts, you showed your courage, but luck did not favor you, so that in the end Fall short.
   After listening to what he said, Furong realized that the two of Waggadu failed to complete the competition.Ha, it looks like we're not the worst.
   So...survival reward, task completion reward, time points, 0...do you have any evidence to submit?
   
   Yes.
    Dembele said listlessly, 
   They have two souls, one big and one small, the big one moves very slowly, the small one moves very fast, and has a body. As for the evidence, it's all in the witchcraft we made. inside the doll.
   
   Well, for the sake of guessing the type of ghost correctly and trapping a cramp, our village will reward you with 20 Galleons.
    Lockhart handed over a small money bag .“如此一来，你们将带着这一场比赛中没有用掉的3个加隆、银针回收的2加隆9个西可以及这20加隆的报酬进入第二轮，共计25加隆9个银西可…有问题吗？”
   No.
    The two warriors said helplessly.Seeing that the two failed to complete the competition, the students of Waggadu in the movie theater seemed a little confused, and they couldn't even hear the sound of cheering.No way, they scored too few points in this round, and they will definitely fall into a huge disadvantage in the second round because of this. I don't know if the two warriors can recover some in the second round.After the two took the money and went down, Lockhart started the settlement of the second school.
   Then it's Beauxbatons—is your mission accomplished?
   
   Uh...
    Furong hesitated, 
   She said that she has no intention of hurting the villagers, and she will leave voluntarily after living here for two months.
   
   Really? That's good.
    Lockhart pretended to be relieved, 
   But you failed to expel her directly, so the task is only half completed.
   
   Yes.
    Furong said she could accept it.
   Well, let me do the math... Both of them survived, so they can get 45 Galleons; half of the task is completed, so there are only 50 Galleons; the time is far more than 80 minutes, so the reward for this item is 0; as for the evidence... through The Spirit Board costs 10 Galleons, the items on the ghosts are 10 Galleons, and the type of the ghost is also guessed correctly, plus all the props are recovered...you will get a total of 130 Galleons!
   While talking, Lockhart handed over a money bag, and this money bag was much bigger than the one that the Waggadu warrior had just now. When Fleur took it, her hands sank and she almost couldn't hold it.In the movie theater, Beauxbaton's students cheered and applauded their warrior.The concubine is Ilvermorny...
    Lockhart gestured to two Americans to come forward, 
   Survive, 45 Galleons; time, 68 minutes, so you can get 15 Galleons; Perfectly complete the task, 100 Galleons; guess the four direct evidences and the type of ghosts correctly, a total of 50 Galleons; you changed the consumables again at the end, so the item recovery is 0, and you get a total of 210 Galleons! 
   Lockhart handed over a bigger purse than before, and a louder cheer erupted in the cinema—mainly joined by people from Slytherin House.After completing Beauxbaton's settlement, Lockhart called Krum again:    Next, Durmstrang—the warrior survived, but the attendant unfortunately suffered an accident, so your survival points are only 30 galleons. Opinion?
   
   No.
    Krum shrugged.They had tried their best, but there were still some accidents at the last moment, and the loss of 15 Galleons was a bit unjust.
   Very good, then the next step is task points, perfect completion of the task, 100 galleons, time-consuming 44 minutes, time reward is 40 galleons, evidence... do you have evidence?When Lockhart asked this last sentence, he said it in Bulgarian.
   Uh... I saw it attack from the shadows, so maybe it's the Shade?
    Krum asked cautiously.
   Ah, although there is no evidence, you still guessed right!
    Lockhart said with emotion, 
   So the evidence is divided into 10 Galleons, and all the props except the holy water are recovered...you get a total of 183 Galleons!
   Krum sighed, and then took the money bag—unexpectedly, they got less money than Ilvermorny, who had been cowarding all this time.But he won't regret it. After all, the survival score is only 45, the mission completion score is 100, and the time score is 50. They are all higher than the survival score, so the strategy of fighting is not wrong.Finally, under the expectation of the audience, Lockhart finally started the settlement of Hogwarts rewards.
   Let's take a look at the settlement of the Hogwarts warriors!Full score for survival, 45 galleons; time is 33 minutes, timeout is less than 5 minutes,So you can get 50 Galleons; perfectly complete the task 100 Galleons; the evidence is salt footprints, ghost notes, spiritual voices, and spiritual balls, plus guessing the ghost type 
   Nightmare
   , a total of 50 Galleons. Item recovery thermometer 1 Galleons, 1 Galleon left...Let's congratulate them??? The Hogwarts warriors got a total of 247 Galleons! 
   At this time, whether it was the auditorium of Hogwarts or the movie theater of Hogsmeade, the cheers simply soared to the sky.The Hogwarts warriors achieved a perfect victory in the first round, and will enter the second round with a huge advantage of 2 Galleons more than No. very happy.The officials of the Ministry of Magic and the teaching staff of Hogwarts are also very excited, because the result of this competition proves that their teaching quality is indeed the best in the country, so even if the next four competitions have not started, they might as well celebrate first.Lockhart handed the biggest money bag to Cedric:    Although I took some risks when collecting evidence, I finally gained something. Congratulations.
   
   Thank you.
    Cedric didn't take the credit either, 
   It's all thanks to Harry.
   Harry suddenly felt that compared to Cedric, he seemed too narrow-minded.-
   No, I wouldn't be able to gather evidence safely if he hadn't carried all the confrontation work.
   The two looked at each other and smiled, then stretched out their right hands and punched each other's fists in front of everyone.Dumbledore expressed his relief after seeing this scene—the savior has grown up again.Chapter 310 The Market Sinks Because Everyone Is PoorThe victory of the Hogwarts warriors filled the castle and Hogsmeade with joy. During that time, Hogwarts students walked sideways in front of outsiders.As the biggest contributor behind the victory of the Hogwarts warriors, Hermione has enjoyed Harry's worship for a long time,
    even if she doesn't really care about it.Unlike the boys who are still discussing about Quidditch and competitions, she is already thinking about her job after graduation, and even the big topic of 
   the value and meaning of her own life
   .
   
   
Chapter 148   
   
   She hadn't been sure what it was she wanted, and even after she saw the house-elves and decided to help them, she still wasn't sure what it was she wanted.It wasn't until she read the book Lockhart recommended her that she realized that the so-called 
   social activist
    was a false proposition.Just as 
   philanthropist
    is not a profession, neither is 
   social activist
   .Unless you are the kind of 
   activist
    who specializes in taking money to do things for others, you must first have money yourself before you can become a 
   social activist
   .Different from the enthusiasm at the beginning, after a period of study and training, she gradually discovered more things and thought more.And she recorded all these thoughts, and wrote down the questions in the letter, and handed them to Lockhart.Lockhart did not let her down either, no matter how busy he was at work, he still found time to reply to letters.He didn't like to directly output his opinions to Hermione, but told her where to get related issues, and put several opinions on herLet her think for herself.Only when her thinking is stuck in a dead end, he will give a few words of enlightenment.Lockhart had already made up his mind that if Hermione really had this talent, then let her develop it on her own. In terms of his own moral level, he was really not suitable to be a teacher.But regarding Gemma Farley's training, Lockhart unscrupulously expressed his views to her.Not only output opinions, but also use various words and means to subtly influence the other party's thinking.He probably didn't realize the difference between the two attitudes himself, but when he found out, some things were hard to say.Because Harry was surrounded by more and more people, which disturbed Hermione's thinking state of mind, so on the first weekend after the arrival of October, Hermione chose to go to Hogsmeade alone. Please ask for some advice.It so happened that Lockhart was very busy at this time, and not only was he very busy, but the entire Department of International Magic Affairs and Cooperation was also very busy.Because the authority of the Ministry of Magic is unclear, in theory, as long as Lockhart is willing, many jobs can have a relationship with him.But in other words, as long as Lockhart doesn't want to have anything to do with those things, they can be lazy and kick the ball to other departments.For example, the work of receiving foreign guests and dignitaries, Lockhart generously gave it to Minister Fudge himself, and the other party was also happy.The job of security is naturally also handled by the people from the Department of Magical Law Enforcement, and there is no need for Lockhart to worry about it for the time being.As for the preparation and organization of the game itself, there is now a more responsible sports director. If Lockhart continues to intervene, not only will he not be pleased, he may be complained about controlling too much.Therefore, it is better to say that the Department of International Affairs and Cooperation is not so much in the 5-member class.Most of the time is fishing.Their only job is to go to the newly opened foreign trade market in Hogsmeade, do research on foreign tourists, and ask them what kind of goods they want, and this kind of work is enough for 2 hours a day.So almost everyone in the Affairs Department believed that Lockhart was looking for an excuse to give them a vacation.As the new boss, Lockhart undoubtedly liked his subordinates very much.But they didn't know that there was absolutely no way for Lockhart to do so.In the traditional diplomatic work, in addition to foreign economic and trade affairs that Lockhart has already grasped, such activities as cultural exchanges, military assignments, overseas Chinese business, international education, scientific and technological cooperation, and foreign publicity are all the same in the current International Affairs Department. can not do this.It's not that these jobs say they can't do it, but that there is really no need to do these things among a mere 10 people, and they only have a dozen people.Instead of spending a lot of effort to create some foreign representatives, it is better to let everyone take a break, and get in touch with foreigners in Hogsmeade, maybe you can encounter some new opportunitiesZAnd Lockhart himself sat on the roof of the 
   Jack Pea
    hotel with his subordinates, drinking tea to connect with his subordinates, and at the same time condescendingly observing the situation of tourists entering and leaving the market.Lockhart attaches great importance to this 
   import and export commodity fair
   .The first batch of Muggle industrial products processed by the Weizeac brothers and Devis-Bance had been sent to Hogsmeade after the first project of the Tournament.These products include everything from motorcycles to telescopes to metal pots cast by Muggles, all of which have been enchanted by these magic utensil manufacturers and then put on this market for trial sale.Many foreign tourists who come to Hogsmeade are very interested in this, but the quantity sold is not very large, which shows that everyone still has some doubts about Muggle products.And after the market has been in operation for a week, the largest order is only from the Bohemia Pharmacists Association in Czech Republic. They want to order 50 graphite t-Gambols developed by the Extraordinary Pharmacists Association.The graphite obtained from Muggles has good thermal conductivity, and the material is homogeneous and stable: when heated, it can carburize the medicine stably. Wizards themselves cannot produce graphite materials with such a high purity, so Extraordinary Pharmacist simply violated the law. Feeling lazy, I bought a lot of graphite±W directly from the Muggle steel factory, and after I got it back, I modified it myself.Unexpectedly, their potion failed to sell much, but Huo, who produced the potion, was the first to be recognized by his European counterparts.Although these industrial machinery products did not sell much, but such as various new seasonings invented by Muggles, deep-sea fish, various puffed snacks, and some leather varnishes, rubber, cosmetics, perfumes, etc. Things, sales have exceeded Lockhart's expectations.And these things have one feature, that is, they are cheap.Only then did Lockhart realize that wizards probably didn't want to try those Muggle mechanical products, but because they had no money.In addition to these Muggle industrial products, the    Golden Hand
    organization of the five pure-blood families who supported Lockhart's reforms also sent a large number of things, mainly potions, medicinal materials and biological materials produced in the UK. Help this market fill up the scene, and these things are still selling well.In addition, there were many vendors who came to sell souvenirs and snacks spontaneously in this market, and Lockhart didn't bother to care about these people.In short, in this import and export commodity market, Lockhart finally discovered a fact—that is, not only commoner wizards in the UK are generally a bit poor, but wizards abroad are also not very rich, even if they have money to watch the game the same.It seems that we have to discuss with the French.Chapter 310 Two Looking From AfarTaking advantage of the weekend's free time, Lockhart held an alumni association event in Hogsmeade before the start of the second project.Lockhart invited a lot of people, including not only several deans, but also many professors and outstanding students of various courses.The reason why the deans are also willing to come is because the name of Lockhart's alumni association this time is 
   to find a good job for the students in advance
   , and he has invited many wizards who have made a name for themselves in the society. If the students can If you have a good relationship with them, you will be able to find a job and join the society immediately after graduation.Although there is only one magic school in the UK, the Ministry of Magic has no requirements on the employment rate of Hogwarts, but as professors, they have to care about whether their students can be successfully employed, so they cannot refuse Loha special invitationBesides, the more job recommendation resources in the hands of professors, the better, right?■Of course, Hermione Granger was also invited, because almost all the professors recommended her to the wizarding enterprise, saying that she was the most outstanding student they had taught in the past ten years.Because of this, she was able to be a fourth-year student, and got 7 jobs in a row, many of which came from top jobs such as the Department of Mysteries of the Ministry of Magic, Gringotts Actuary, and Magic Item Spellcaster.Especially Mr. Granger from the Extraordinary Apothecary Association, after knowing that Hermione actually had the same surname as himself, he almost concluded with certainty that the two families had the same ancestor four generations ago, and recognized her as a distant relative on the spot Niece, trying to launch a 
   family affection
    offensive.If it's waiting for the new year, these fateful cows will definitely not do it again.The graduating students went to war, but this year was a little different.Because most of last year's graduates, except those who entered the Ministry of Magic, were recruited by the potion-related industries headed by the Extraordinary Pharmacists Association, resulting in a labor shortage.If they don't start early and get the talents they want under their banner, they will soon have no one to squeeze... I mean, there will be no new blood injection.Seeing that she was so popular, Hermione had to explain to them that she was only in the fourth grade under the envious eyes of the senior students, and she still had three years to think about it, so she temporarily declined their invitation.Only she knows what she wants.What she wants is not to study knowledge in the ivory tower, nor to gain some fame through her talent, let alone wealth.What she wants is that everyone and all creatures in sight can live well.From this point of view, she is indeed a Gryffindor, and she is the kind of person who will never give up her ideals easily.In the original book, the reason why Lockhart, a glamorous liar, can lie to her for so long is not because Lockhart has never revealed himself.On the contrary, Lockhart revealed too much stuff, not to mention Hermione, even Harry and Ron discovered something wrong early on, but she kept defending Lockhart.This is not only because Hermione has a tendency to choose to 
   believe in printed words
   , but more importantly, Hermione is unwilling to puncture the 
   idol template
    in her heart in terms of her personal feelings.When reading Lockhart's books, she lacked a clear goal and naturally took 
   Lockhart's ideal
    as her own.Lockhart brags in the book that his ambition is to destroy evil, and Hermione also believes thatup.Lockhart said in the book that his most wanted birthday gift is the harmonious coexistence of all magical and non-magical people, and Hermione also regards it as a standard.Lockhart happened to appear in front of the girl when she needed an idol and a goal the most, and quickly became a synonym for her ideal symbol.She is not so much defending Lockhart as she is safeguarding her own ideals. Even if this idol collapses in the end, she still retains a fantasy for it.But what's interesting now is that not only has this idol not collapsed, but it has added some other colors, and even the connotation has become deeper and richer.Because that idol not only showed Hermione the 
   ambition
    he wrote in the book, but even revealed to her how he would achieve it.Although Hermione said that she still had to 
   think about it for a few more years
   , in fact, she had already thought about what she would do in the future.Whenever she watched Lockhart talk to professors, senior students, and distinguished guests: an impulse would arise in her heart-she wanted to stand beside that person.She also doesn't know when she realized this idea:Maybe it was when thinking about what Lockhart would do if he was here after encountering a problem;Perhaps when wandering around Hogsmeade, listening to the villagers talking about    Lockhart's New Deal
   ;Or in the dueling club, watching the little ghosts use their wands to fight blindly, but I recalled the time when I held a wand in the blue ring of fire and stood in front of hundreds of wizards alone.It can be said that a Gryffindor, a rationalist, and a young girl, the most perfect idol that can be imagined in her mind, is in front of her eyes, which makes her like a moth in the night, When I saw the light, I wanted to jump over it.But now there is someone beside that person...For today's alumni association, Gemma dressed up beautifully.When Lockhart chatted with various guests, she was always beside him holding his arm, and even helped to receive the female guests brought by the other party, just like a hostess.And her appearance also made Hermione feel somewhat inferior.In the values ​​of Western or European and American student culture, children who study hard but have little social interaction are 
   not in the upper class of the student class (SchL Hierarchy), and such children are usually regarded as 
   nerds (Nerd)
   , while 
   Nerdy
    is also a very undesirable trait.Just like Ross in Friends, there are such good conditions, but 
   how can a nerd match a courtesan
    is the unanimous evaluation of him by the outside world, and he is the one who is not worthy.Compared to Gemma, who was dressed in a lady's gown, and her hair, jewelry, and nails were well-dressed, Hermione swept her messy hair and front teeth that hadn't been corrected so far. It was inevitable that she would feel ashamed.So Hermione didn't go up to say hello to Lockhart after hesitating again and again.Keeping this distance should be enough... she said to herself.Chapter 310 Look good, this is how the cake is drawnLockhart didn't notice Hermione's small thoughts, because he was really busy at the moment, with people in front of him and behind him.He was worried that the trade market and alumni job fair he held would not have many people to support him, but he did not expect that many wizards were very interested in it, and supported him with practical actions, allowing him to be in front of the student union. Save face.Of course, this is mainly because he has spent all his energy on the hegemony competition these days, and has little time to care about the wizard market.The two big deals that Lockhart has done so far, that is, oil and medicine, although the total trade volume is huge, the number of people who have benefited is not too many.Not to mention oil, only pure blood benefits.Among the potion-related industries, only those traditional herbal medicine growers and farms were able to rapidly increase production and meet the output of the Pharmacists Association.As a result of the huge amount of money pouring into these industries, the prices of items related to these industries have risen all the way. According to what Lockhart learned from Professor Sprout, even the price of gardener's scissors has doubled.Just as in the Muggle world, inflation will always only make some people get rich first, so in today's wizarding world, the people who can get rich first are those who did business with Lockhart.Under such circumstances, Lockhart has become a kind of housing market similar to the flood period. Everyone knows that if they want to make money, they have to invest in this project.Although Lockhart himself still doesn't like the trade volume of this market that has just opened for a week, many wizards or 
   retail practitioners
    who do small businesses do, and they still look up to it.So there are so many people who come to join us, it makes sense on page II—even if everyone doesn’tThey don't think this import and export trade market can make much money, but they also want to take the opportunity to get closer to Lockhart, so as to know where the next big profitable project is.And just as they expected, Lockhart didn't hide his secrets at all, even though he didn't know that he had vaguely been regarded as a lucky cat among wizards.
   It's not that I don't want to tell everyone. In fact, there are many ways to make money without exposing magic.
    Lockhart talked to them, 
   Compared to Muggles, we still have a lot of work. It’s just that there are some industries where we can make money, but it’s really meaningless to do it.”Hearing that Lockhart actually wanted to pick and choose, some impatient people couldn't help it anymore:    Let's talk about it first, we can think about it if we can do it.
   Hearing what he said, Lockhart knew that these wizards had indeed fallen into a frenzy for wealth, so he didn't keep it a secret.
   Well...Muggle economists divide all profitable industries into three, namely agriculture, animal husbandry and forestry, industry and service industries.However, if we classify according to our wizard system, we don't need to divide it so finely, because all industries are service industries for us. The so-called agriculture serves our belly for us, and industry is for us. Serving our needs for items.Our land can surpass Muggles in terms of yield, and we can do housework faster than Muggles. If we set up an agricultural company or open a domestic service company, we can immediately make more money than Muggles , but oo this is really a waste of our 
   opportunity cost
   , I hope you can understand.
   
   What is 'opportunity cost'?
    The person who asked the question seemed a little confused.
   Quite simply, the biggest opportunity we've lost.For example, if a wizard takes 10 orders to clean a large house on the phone - a tool Muggles use to communicate - all morning, and finishes them all in the afternoon with the 'clean up' spell , then he will get one hundredGaren's income, and three or four Muggles busy all afternoon carrying boxes and cabinets together, maybe they can only finish two or three orders.I know a hundred Galleons sounds like a lot, many wizards don't earn half of that amount in a month now, and what he pays is the 
   clean up
    spell that a second grader can learn.But have you ever thought that if he goes to the hospital to serve Muggles, he can earn at least five thousand Galleons a week just by using the Gut Ejection Curse, the Healing Curse and the Bone Health Potion?This is not the end, if they serve Muggle football, basketball, baseball and other sports stars, and perform calf fracture, knee meniscus, waist, arm ligament healing surgery for them, maybe he can recover in one operation. The operation fee is tens of thousands of Galleons - not an exaggeration, believe me, those sports stars are willing to exchange half of their net worth for their own health.So, compared with the tens of thousands of galleons he received for a surgery, did he gain or lose by spending one afternoon doing housekeeping services for one hundred Galleons? 
   The example given by Lockhart is easy to understand, and everyone can understand what he means without thinking carefully
   Of course it's a loss, he could have earned more.
    Someone replied immediately.
   Yes.
    Lockhart spread out his hands, 
   so we earn the most if we want.
   Everyone nodded, expressing that they understood what Lockhart meant.
   So, which industries do you think are more worthy of our money? Other than medical services and mineral mining assistance?
    they asked.Lockhart obviously thought it through:    Industrial services, specifically the processing of special-shaped parts-at least until the Muggles reduce the cost of 3D printing technology to a profit, we can all earn money.
    Big profits.There is also the repair and maintenance of high-end mechanical equipment, we can also try to take over, but the premise is that we must learn. .However, if we want to solve the employment problem of our wizards in large quantities, then I personally recommend the logistics industry. 
   
   logistics?
   
   
   
Chapter 149   
   
   
   Yes, logistics, that is, the postal industry.
   Lockhart decided to put eye drops on the Flint family, who dared to show his face to that guy.
   The biggest advantage we have over Muggles is our mobility on land. We can send a lot of valuable things to another place in the fastest way. Muggles, whether they use railways, highways or planes, It can't be faster than we can use the Untraceable Stretch Charm to contain the object and then apparate to another placeI'm sure if we started a shipping company, we could beat all the express companies in the UK... but only if we got Muggle approval.It wasn't until this time that Lockhart revealed his real purpose.Chapter 310 The Turning Point of the House Elf?For a country, whether it is an industrial chain or a logistics chain, the 
   chain
    is undoubtedly a logistics link.The so-called improvement of infrastructure construction, in the final analysis, is to improve the efficiency of logistics and reduce the cost of loss during item delivery.Some people will say that it is not cost-effective to build those transportation facilities just to reduce the cost. After all, if only the direct economic effect is counted, the cost of repairing this road requires toll stations It takes decades of fees to pay back.But from a national point of view, the accounts cannot be calculated in this way.It’s like that land A produces Chinese cabbage, land B produces coal, and land C is an industrial center. Each of them has its own natural, cultural, and historical conditions, so each of these three places has its own industry that is most suitable for development.But if the transportation is inconvenient and the logistics cost is too high, then the three places will have to be like the manor economy in the Middle Ages. Although the sparrow is small and has all the internal organs, it has to do everything, thus losing a lot of efficiency.Therefore, improving the level of logistics is very important for a country, because it can improve the rationality of the resource allocation of the entire country, and ultimately improve the overall efficiency, and even develop new industries because of this. This is really not a toll thing.It is true that wizards can do what almost all courier companies dream of using spells such as traceless stretching and apparition - 0-cost, point-to-point, and instant delivery of large quantities of goods to different places.They are faster than air freight, cheaper than sea freight, and more convenient than door-to-door delivery. After such a company comes out, no matter what express company it is, it will be beaten to the ground.But here comes the question - which country will put such a vital logistics chain,Leave it to a group of people they don't trust?Which big company would easily disclose the company's logistics to other companies?Or to give a simpler example, is there any big company that dares to hand over the company's confidential documents to FedEx for delivery?Therefore, if wizards want to open a courier company or a transportation company, the technology is not the biggest problem.Even if there are not many wizards who have passed the apparition test, this is not a problem. As long as they have money, the students will definitely work hard to learn this. Besides, a courier company does not need everyone to do the transportation. And delivery, also requires someone to do the paperwork.The most critical question is how to gain the trust of Muggles.Those big companies are not fools. When it comes to saving costs, they have always been meticulous, especially those old companies that have been involved for hundreds of years. But they have basically saved all the expenses that can be saved. If the wizard can help them save more If there is a large amount of logistics expenses, their cost accounting will definitely be crazy.But, will they trust a courier company with unknown origin?How are their finances?How much assets does their company have, and will they run away early?Where are their company's tangible or intangible assets such as cars, employees, warehouses, etc.?How do they explain the attack from competitors?So if you want to do this, you can.But you have to gain the trust of Muggle companies, big and small, to dispel their doubts, and then get the government's acquiescence, so that you can do business for a long time.This job is easier said than done.Considering that most of the customers who need 
   no loss
    and 
   speed
    for goods delivery are VIP customers or big customers, and they often already have a mature supply system, just expanding the market and positioning customer groups requires a group of wizards headacheAnd most importantly, they still can't do 
   transparent office
   After all, they have no way to explain to customers that we just need to pull out aLittle stick, and bang, your shipment is sent from London to New YorkIf they really said that, the person in charge of the supply department of the other party would definitely bring them a cup of tea politely, and then call outside the office to ask the asylum to pick them up.If these large companies cannot become their customers, then the profit of this express company will be quite limited.After all, the profit of airlifting a fresh lobster to a high-end restaurant may be more than sending a thousand pieces of Pinduoduo Express.After understanding what Lockhart meant, the wizards also fell into deep thought.Obviously, this job can only be done by a wizard well-versed in Muggle society and well-connected there.But in other words, as long as this can be done, the entire wizarding community will never have to worry about employment issues again.The cargo throughput of the Muggles is enough to allow the entire wizarding world to achieve full employment. Even wizarding children can wear invisibility cloaks and ride on toy brooms to help adults deliver goods. The effective job market rate exceeds 5 None of the above is unimaginable.Those present were all staring at each other, worried that others would take the chance that Lockhart gave, but now they are mostly calm.Because everyone understands how big the market is, and they also know that such a large market cannot be eaten by one or two families or a small group of wizards, so this kind of hostility naturally dissipates without a trace.Not to mention that this kind of activity definitely requires international cooperation. It is absolutely impossible to only eat the small market of the British mainland. They have to cooperate with wizards from France, Eastern Europe, Africa, the United States, and even South America and Asia.A witch raised her hand rather impolitely, and suddenly interrupted Lockhart who was explaining to everyone.
   So what are you going to do? Continue exposing our society to them, in exchange for possible Muggle trust? 
   Lockhart took a look and found that the witch who spoke did not recognize him.This is a bit evil - Lockhart had already memorized the names of almost all wizards with mind-boosting potions long before he became a professor at Hogwarts, even if some people hadn't seen them, he should have heard of them.
   Excuse my rudeness, but I don't seem to have met you before? Can I ask your last name?
    Lockhart asked.The witch straightened up a little:   It's true that we haven't met before, Mr. Lockhart. I'm from the Salem Witches' Guild, and you can call me Garcia.
   
   Well, Ms. Garcia, you seem disturbed by the position I take,yes?Same as US Congress? 
   When Lockhart heard about the 
   Salem Witches' Guild,
    he instinctively took her to be a representative of the United States Congress.But it is not.
   No, in fact the Salem Witches' Association is not fully active in the United States. I'm from South America.
    Ms. Garcia smiled, 
   But we do have some doubts about your plan.
   - Hearing that she was not American, Lockhart was a little relieved. After all, the problem between American wizards and the US government was not just a small issue of economic disputes. There was no possibility of reconciliation in a short period of time after accumulating blood debts.
   What concerns?
    he asked.
   I want to ask how you intend to control this process.
   Ms. Garcia got to the point as soon as she asked:    You are confident that you can make a profit from this business, which is good. But the Muggles who are squeezed out of your business will definitely not be reconciled, they willRender your company a threat to Muggle governments.As long as it is in their sights, they will use all possible means to investigate us, including their intelligence agencies.As far as I know, no matter how careful the Magic Congress of America is, the FBI will still find some clues every year.We can't put our own safety and our children's safety at the mercy of the other person, so unless you can come up with a good reason, it's hard to have a positive opinion of this activity. 
   After she said these words, she waited for Lockhart to refute herself, but what she didn't expect was: Lockhart actually nodded in agreement.   Only a very sober person can ask such a question.
    Lockhart praised:    You've got the point, and this is the second part I'm going to talk about—how to make Muggles not do it.
    Stupid thing. To know how Muggles will treat us, you have to consider the logic of their behavior oo
   Next, Lockhart began to tell everyone about the underlying political logic of Muggles and the operation of Muggle society, and pointed out that the methods for wizards to protect themselves include 
   ensured mutual destruction
    and 
   occupation
   . High-level political ecology” and other means.Although Hermione has been listening along with the others, but following Lockhart's explanation, she gradually discovered a problem--a problem that is very important to her.House-elves... aren't they the best at apparating?——Thinking of this, she couldn't calm down anymore.There are 66 municipalities in the UK, and if the courier industry really thrives, every small city should be equipped with at least a dozen wizards.If it is a 
   big
    city like London with a population of 700 million, or Birmingham with a population of more than 100 million, the number of wizards that need to be stationed must be more than that, and hundreds of people are also needed.But today's British wizarding world can't have so many labors---[-] people, remove the old and young ones, remove those who can't apparate, and remove those who already have jobs, whether the wizard's labor market can make up these hundreds of people is still unknownAfter all, there are only a few dozen Hogwarts graduates a year, and at least half of these people can't apparate, or can't do high-intensity apparition, and most of them have already been booked. It is impossible to work for a courier company without a job.In other words, the labor force that can be used and can apparate is very likely to be a house elf!At this moment, Hermione realized!Chapter 310 ShowdownIf it were on other occasions, Lockhart might still feel a little guilty.But when he started to speak, his nervousness evaporated with his body movements.This is the benefit of training—in terms of speech, Lockhart thinks he still has some skills, although he is not as good as the professional actors in the parliament.After the 20s, because bureaucrats tended to become more and more politicians, Lockhart, as a member of the civil servants, had to force himself to learn many essentials for the survival of politicians.And the most important part of it is the speech.Any politician may not have professional knowledge and no money, but as long as he wants to survive, he must learn to speak.The biggest function of parliament for those in power is to manipulate voters. If a politician can't even represent public opinion, then he is undoubtedly disqualified.The fastest and most direct way to gain the favor of voters is through speeches.The so-called speech is 
   acting
    and 
   speaking
   . The part that distinguishes a good speaker from a bad one is often not in 
   gas well
   , but in 
   acting
   .)
    Although Comrade Jianguo is self-willed in his administration, he has a good sense of speech expression and his sense of camera. The veterans of CCTV who have worked in front of the camera for decades may not have his sense of proportion. No matter how much he dances, he will not Let your limbs go out of the camera.Anyone who has played the 
   Sims
    series knows that if you choose a political career path for the characters in the house, it can be said that it is compulsory to practice your expressions, movements and tone in front of a square mirror every day to cultivate the camera sense homework.With Comrade Chuan Jianguo's camera sense, he has at least 30 years of practice in front of the mirror.Thanks to his experience in writing books and working in politics, Lockhart's expressive ability, arousing emotions and expressiveness of body movements are not bad, but the appeal is still somewhat lacking.In terms of talent, he is much worse than Voldemort and Grindelwald, but with the sense of proportion trained, his logic and various routines that guide people's thinking are still superior.Otherwise, he would not have been able to convince all the parents of Muggle students to send their children to Hogwarts.If this level of 
   acting
    is placed in the Muggle Parliament, it can only be regarded as quite satisfactory, but it is outstanding among wizards.Therefore, the existence of some opponents did not hinder Lockhart's publicity plan. Even after he finished speaking his thoughts, many people who had doubts were persuaded by him.His strategy for dealing with Muggles is also simple--First, make sure that each other can destroy each other, and let Muggles know that wizards have this ability;Second, confirm that the interests of mutual cooperation are greater than the interests of conflict, and both parties can provide irreplaceable value to each other;Third, take the initiative to participate in the operation of Muggle affairs, play games within the rules familiar to the opponent, and claim a position that matches your own strength;Fourth, on the basis of interests, develop relationships with people who share common interests, and use the special status of wizards to influence social attitudes.Finally, Lockhart ended his speech with this passage.Whether we like to admit it or not, there is a fact - we and Muggles are all human beings, with emotions, sorrows and sorrows.The descendants of wizards will also produce squibs, and the descendants of Muggles will also produce wizards, which is destined to only develop together, and this coexistence is not transferred by our own will.No matter which group has the upper hand in status in the end, all we can do is keep improving and self-improvement, and complacency is the worst choice. 
   Lockhart didn't know if his rhetoric completely dispelled the doubts of these people,But judging from the results, the effect of the speech is still good.Ms. Garcia reserved her opinion, but also did not refute Lockhart's point of view. Lockhart felt that she seemed to want to see the results of this policy implemented by the British before making a decision.After all, America and Britain are far away, so they have time to react.Lockhart didn't know how long it would take for his speech to fully ferment, but using the platform of the Five Powers Tournament, he believed that these words could at least spread faster.As for continuing to hide the wizarding world, Lockhart never thought about it.Because he is well aware of the working style of the intelligence agencies of various countries, it is impossible for the wizarding world to remain hidden forever.Just as Lockhart expected, the current owner of 10 Downing Street is also thinking about a key issue, that is, how should the government treat wizards as a group.After the results of the first match of the Five-wizard Tournament came out, people from the Sports Department edited the footage of the match and made it into the first videotape that could be played on a Muggle video recorder in the history of the British wizarding world.Lockhart made a copy of the master tape, using a disposable videotape, and owled it to 10 Downing Street after the copy was completed-in order to avoid security clearance.When Prime Minister Major received the one-time videotape, he didn't choose to watch it right away. Instead, he hesitated for a long time before broadcasting a phone call.Half an hour later, an elderly woman with a military look and gray hair walked steadily into a reception room under the notice of the secretary.This reception room is almost closed, without vases, paintings, or even windows, except for a table and two chairs, only one is connected to a video recorderTV.
   Good afternoon, Prime Minister,
    the woman greeted the Prime Minister.After seeing the visitor, Major stood up and shook hands with her:    Good afternoon, Mrs. Rimington.
   If someone has seen this old woman called Mrs. Rimington, he will immediately blurt out 
   It's Mrs. M!
   , because the two are too close in temperament.In fact, this is also the case, because in the 007 series of movies, the prototype of Mrs. M is this Ms. Stella Rimington.
   Any orders, Prime Minister?
    she asked.Compared with the resolute 
   Mrs. M
   , Major seemed a bit uneasy, he hesitated to speak a few times, but finally invited her to sit with him in front of the TV in the office.
   I've come to you for a consultation,
    Major said softly, 
   and actually...how should I put it? I don't know what to say about it at all, because it's just too absurd.
   Mrs. Rimington showed an elegant and polite smile:    I don't care, please rest assured. One of the advantages of doing intelligence work is that we can often get absurd news from various channels, no matter how absurd you say, I don't think that is the most absurd, but those are not within my scope of consideration. I just need to know one thing, that is, is the matter you want to tell me related to our national security?
   It's relevant, of course it's relevant, otherwise I wouldn't have called you here rashly.
    Major replied immediately.Mrs. Rimington thought for a while and added:    So, is this matter related to the agent you suddenly stuffed into our department last month? In my impression, that man named Sirius has never come Worked.
   
   Uh…
   Major didn't expect Mrs. Rimington to be so perceptive, and he guessed part of the reason directly.
   
   
Chapter 150   
   
   
   If you have to say it, it does have something to do with that person.
    He admitted.After hearing his confession, Mrs. Rimington didn't say any more, but made a 
   please
    gesture:    That's good, please tell me, I'm listening.
   Seeing his number one intelligence chief swear by it, Major finally made up his mind.He picked up the cassette and walked over to the VCR.Under Mrs. Rimington's curious eyes, Major deliberately emphasized again:    Then, please don't be afraid, okay?
   Mrs. Rimington was amused, but she would not say it.Don't worry, Mr. MI[-], our MI[-] employees are professionally trained and will not be afraid... But if you just watch a video tape, I hope it will not be more terrifying than 
   Midnight Ring
   . 
   
   Maybe not as terrible as 
   Midnight Ring
   , but the number may be more.
    Major inserted the videotape into the video recorder, 
   This is a one-time videotape, even if you restore it with technology, it is very likely that you will not be able to watch it twice. Three times.
   Chapter 310 ConfirmationThe early videotapes were weird, often marked as one hour recording time, but in the end they could only be recorded for 40 minutes.So Lockhart deliberately cut the shots of the contest, removed scenes such as the Waggadu warriors making dung eggs and the British warriors hiding in the closet, and edited the exciting parts into a 40-minute movie.And now the prime minister and his chief intelligence officer are watching Lockhart's cut of the Big Five movie.After all, Lockhart still somewhat underestimated the Prime Minister. No matter how easy-going he was in front of those wizards, he was still the one who defeated countless competitors and climbed up after countless intrigues and intrigues.Because he knows that when dealing with an unfamiliar force, especially when the enemy is in the dark, the best way to do it is to make no mistakes, keep silent, and wait for the other party to use actions to reveal his true intentions. Then wait for the opportunity to move.When you know when you will take advantage and when you will suffer, you can be upright, because it is easier to suffer if you cover up.And when the confrontation between the two sides is inevitable, the best attitude at this time is to have no attitude at all.The Prime Minister was very accommodating to the demands of Fudge and Lockhart, and even took whatever he wanted, but he was using this method to obtain information, even if these things were revealed to them by the wizards on their own initiative.He can confirm a few things now, that is, wizards do hold power beyond common sense.At the same time, in terms of appeal, the difference between wizards and ordinary people is not very big.There are also different political factions within them, and they also have needs for money, and even want to gain some political power.Major should have felt comfortable dealing with such people, but the power in these people's hands was beyond his cognition.Not only can they track people from a long distance, they can teleport people, and they can even use portraits to deliver messages. They have the ability to subdue people instantly, and they are not afraid of guns (fog)What was more, Major was somewhat dismayed by the fact that the wizards had shown no fear of the Prime Minister's revelations.Especially after the wizards showed the ability to erase people's memories and even detect lies, Major didn't dare to act rashly, because this was a completely unequal contest.Otherwise, he wouldn't allow wizards to come and go from his office casually, especially the damn portrait, in case he wanted to have a friendly conversation with his private secretary or intern in the office, but someone was always admiring him, then How many little blue pills would he have to take to overcome this mental block?Generally speaking, wizards have not shown any tendency to endanger society, but there are some things that he has to guard against. That's why he called the head of MI[-] to discuss countermeasures.He believed Lady Rimington would understand him.After watching the 40-minute highlights of the Big Five, Mrs Rimington finally opened her mouth.
   Is this what you want to tell me? The lighting and special effects of our British film industry have caught up with the United States, and even surpassed them?
   
   No.
    Major said slowly, 
   What if I told you that this movie is not fiction? It's reality?
   The air in the office suddenly condensed.After staring silently into the Prime Minister's eyes for a moment, seeing that he did not look like he was joking, Mrs Rimington took out a piece of paper and quickly wrote a series of numbers on it
   I think you need a vacation recently... It seems that you are under too much pressure after the collapse of the pound. Let me give you a call. She is the best physiotherapist in the UK...
   Major sighed, knowing Mrs Rimington would react in this way.But never mind, he still has a lot of evidence.
   I really wish I was crazy, but there are some problems that I can't solve by pretending to be crazy. If I don't solve this problem, then this problem will be left to my next generation. Although I will gloat about the Labor Party, considering the ironclad Whether my wife's retirement life can continue to be stable, I have to take on more responsibilities, otherwise I will feel restless.
   Hearing what he said, Mrs. Rimington gradually became serious.
   Are you serious?
   
   Yes, I need your wisdom,
    Major admitted. 
   I can tell you the whole story if you want, but I want you to keep it a secret...for it is a secret worth protecting with discipline.
   He meant something, because after Mrs. Rimington took office, she deliberately revealed a lot of inside information about MI[-] to the public in order to eliminate the mystery of her department in the eyes of the world, so he said so.Fortunately, she still has some bottom line, and she didn't reveal anything that shouldn't be revealed, otherwise MI[-] would really kill her.Mrs Rimington admitted that her curiosity had really been hooked by the Prime Minister.
   It's great, I can listen to it as a story. When I retire to write my memoirs, I can add the paragraph about the former prime minister going crazy, and many people will definitely buy it.
   The corner of Major's mouth twitched:    You are welcome.
   Two hours later, the expression on Mrs. Rimington's face had gradually changed from pity and disdain to thoughtfulness, and finally to seriousness.Seeing her like this, Major was a little surprised, because it meant that she really believed what she said.
   You believed it? I thought you were a staunch materialist,
    said Major.
   I am indeed a materialist.
    Mrs Rimington shrugged, 
   but 'materialism' is not 'atheism' nor is it 'conservative', we just believe in what humans can perceive, if I see it with my own eyes If there are wizards, then I will believe in their existence, even if it does not match my common sense. 
   
   Very well, I thought you were going to send me to a madhouse.
   Seeing that she believed it, Major felt relieved, so he joked.
   No.
    Mrs. Rimington shook her head seriously, 
   Although as you said, this is indeed absurd, but based on the information I have obtained about 
   abnormalities
    in the past, what you said is the only one reasonable explanation. 
   
   What... I mean, you've gotten information from wizards before?
    Major was taken aback.
   Actually... this kind of abnormal information is not rare, but we don't know that it is a wizard.
    Mrs. Rimington said with a strange face, 
   Our MI[-] is responsible for the intelligence security of the whole country. We have to have How stupid would you be to turn a blind eye to those things?
   
   Oh...
    Major's expression was complicated, 
   What did you find?
   
   Lots of stuff. Like London's Charing Cross, where you say there might be a place called 'Diagon Alley' for students to buy things; and King's Cross which has a platform 9 3/4'... In fact, We at MI[-] have always been suspicious of these two places. 
   Needless to say, Major was taken aback:    How did you guess that.
   Because all buildings are designed and constructed, the design drawings must be left in the government archives, and the combined width of all the buildings and alleys on Charing Cross Road is just a gap from the length of that street... 
   Mrs. Rimington's eyes wandered, as if she was remembering something.“…we asked the designer about this, but he was very confused and told us that he didn’t know why there was a blank area in the design, and this area we couldn’t see with the naked eye, even if our people used a tape measure I have measured countless times and added up all the measured building widths, but in the end it does not match the length of the entire street
   A similar situation at King's Cross?
   
   Yes.
   
   Then why don't you investigate?
    Major said in surprise.Mrs. Rimington seemed a little helpless:    It's not that we didn't investigate, but whenever someone of us wants to investigate this matter, the person in charge of the investigation will do other things inexplicably, or for various reasons was transferred, so we-we always thought that there was a high-level interference in this matter.
   
   Well...
    Major understood, 
   the wizards must have cast some kind of spell
   There are more...
    Mrs. Rimington continued to recall, 
   You told me that their castle may be in the Scottish Highlands... In fact, our military intelligence officers have always wondered why there is an area in the Scottish Highlands We have never been able to survey and map, and the people sent to investigate the scene can only see a ruins from a distance, but no matter who wants to get close, he will suddenly think of something urgent in his mind, and then leave there. 
   Major was overjoyed:    So, we can still perceive the existence of wizards, can't we?
   Mrs. Rimington's chatterbox, once opened, could never be closed again:    Yes ... and,You said that wizards will be taken to that magic school when they reach the age of 0, and the people on our education side also said that every summer, there will be about a few to a dozen children aged 0 who graduate from elementary school. Lost student status tracking.And they obviously didn't go to Yirenhe Middle School, but their family members said that their children were still studying at the tax return. If this was during World War II, it might be normal, but this is all in the 90s...There is also a batch of grains of unknown origin that appear in the futures market every year, the 
   smoker
    area that the weather satellites have never been able to see, and an ordered plane that has never been claimed until it suddenly disappears one day, and then it is the year before last. The car flying in the sky 
   She rattled off all sorts of anomalies the intelligence services had discovered, some of which Major hadn't even heard of, to his delight and surprise.
   Wait, you guys have found so many strange things, but why no one has ever told me about it.
    Major asked puzzled.-------------Chapter Dividing Line---------------As a person who has to find a way to get funds from high-level hands every year, Mrs. Rimington will not give up the opportunity to give eye drops to any cabinet secretary.When the prime minister asked why she didn't report to him, she lost no time in slapping the secretary with a black brick from behind.
   Your secretary told me that you have a lot of work to do every day, and that we shouldn't bother you with those insignificant gossip, so we didn't come to report, although judging whether the intelligence is important or not, I personally don't think it should be. It's up to them to do it, they don't have the capacity,
    she said.
   That's it...
    Major was a little embarrassed, 
   He was also thinking of me, and ooo, you see, no one thought of this before this, right?
   
   I understand.
    Mrs. Rimington accepted it immediately, 
   Then what do you want me to do for you now that you are asking me to confess this matter?
   
   Don't do anything for the time being.
    Major said hastily, 
   I'm sure the other party will come to your door again, and then I can continue to make false claims, and...
   
   And get more benefits? Like that oil company with almost no operating costs?
    Mrs. Rimington interrupted him.
   You can also say that, but I did it for a reason...
    Major quickly explained.
   You don't have to explain it to me, it's a glorious tradition in our country.
   Major smiled embarrassingly. He was indeed selfish about the oil company. He did not expect that his small coffers had already been discovered by the national security department.
   
   I mean, we still can't be sure what purpose they have, and how many hidden means, we'd better not rushact. ’ he said pleadingly.
   Your opinion is very wise.
   Mrs. Rimington did not embarrass him, but agreed:    The suggestion I am going to make to you is also to wait and see what happens, but...
   
   But what?
   
   However, I personally think that you may have exaggerated the abilities of those wizards.
    
   Huh? Why?
   
   Because so far, the 
   powerful
    you have seen about wizards are all shown to us by the other side, I think you should understand what I mean. ' Lady Rimington told him.Major understood immediately:    You mean, it's as if we used all kinds of fake fleets piled up with scrap metal and a squadron of repeatedly patrolling planes to deceive German spies from landing during World War II?
   
   Yes. We can believe the information you got, but we can't just believe this... In fact, after watching several 
   warriors
    in this video, I doubt even more. Not everyone can do what you imagined. the kind of strength in it.If wizards are so powerful, why are they so obsessed with religious fanatics with dung forks and maces in the Middle Ages? Or why aren't we ruled by wizards now? 
   Hearing what she said, Major felt a little relieved:    You're right, why didn't I think of this? Then, do you have any suggestions for me?
   
   Yes.
    Mrs. Rimington thought for a while, 
   Although this may be difficult, I need you to continue to test the other party's basic situation and some bottom lines in our cognition. After all, the other party is only in contact with you now.
   Major puffed up his chest:    Say it, I will try my best to do it.
   
   First, is the organization of wizards spontaneous or loose? Their politicalDoes the government have coercive power over members?Whether the head is a dictatorship or a democracy0”Major thought about it and realized that he really hadn't thought of this question.
   They say they have a 'Ministry of Magic'...but the wizard I was talking to seemed to have no respect for their minister, even the portrait in my office had a slight complaint about their minister, saying it was called 'Fudge' The man they elected was the most incompetent minister they ever elected,
    he replied honestly.
   That is to say, they are a democratic system.
    Mrs. Rimington flatly judged, 
   Just like us, they often let useless politicians be the leaders.
   After Major heard this, he felt that he should set aside some time to have a good talk with the secretaries of the press office, and talk about the prestige of the Prime Minister.—Once the limitation of thinking was opened, Major's clever IQ immediately began to occupy the ground again:    Since it is a democratic system, that is to say, their political power should be in the hands of the so-called ruling class. Since the one called 
   Lockhart
    The director will come to me and try to cooperate with me, which shows that there are some more positive voices within their ruling class, otherwise they will not acquiesce in the director's actions.If according to what you said, they are deliberately showing us their strength, then this actually means that we also have things that scare them and things they want, so we are so cautious. 
   Seeing that his mind was open, Mrs. Rimington didn't bother her prime minister anymore. She could give advice on security, but politics was not her forte.Sure enough, without her having to go on, Major came to the conclusion she wanted him to.
   I should gradually test the bottom line of the wizard...starting with whether they are willing to cooperate economically, gradually move towards medical care, education, science, and then ask them if they are willing to support us in the military, and if they can pass, then ask them if they are willing Pledge your allegiance to the Queen, and finally ask if you want to accept the government and pay taxes to our treasury.
   Frankly speaking, Prime Minister Major's ambitions are not too big, after all, the 
   Minister
    of the Minister of Magic is actually ^Minister (Minister)
   , and he is 
   Prime Minister (Prime_Minister), the Prime Minister leads the ministers, this is what should be considered in the question meaning.
   Look, you know exactly what you have to do...except paying taxes, which I personally hold a pessimistic view, I think the rest can be discussed,
    said Mrs. Rimington.
   Thank you, Scola.
    The Prime Minister was satisfied, 
   If this thing is done, then this moment will definitely be engraved in our history... Just, I heard that His Royal Highness Charles hurt his leg playing polo?
   
   You are a specialist in this, Prime Minister.
    Lady Rimington did not object to his suggestion, 
   but may I make a suggestion too?
   
   what?
   
   If those wizards invite you to participate in some activities next time, can you bring me along. I want to evaluate the battles of wizards from the perspective of a security consultantno problem. ’ Major agreed.Chapter 310 NegotiationLockhart did not expect that before he contacted the Prime Minister, the Prime Minister would take the lead in making a request for a meeting. In my impression, this was the first time that the Prime Minister had done so.And the Prime Minister had a good reason for asking to meet—His Royal Highness Prince Charles was injured while playing polo again.The reason why he said it was because he had injured himself many times before playing polo, but this time his injury was a bit serious-a broken leg.Both the British people and government officials have expressed their understanding of the injury of His Royal Highness the Prince.After all, he has been the prince for so many years, and he doesn't usually have much work to do. If he wants to do it, he can also contribute some entertainment news to the media, and there is nothing wrong with it.Even if he accidentally kills himself, doesn't he still have a younger brother and son?However, considering that his sex-addicted younger brother, Prince Andrew, is likely to die on a woman's bed before him, and the British finances cannot afford to replace a new king in a few years, so the life of His Royal Highness Charles Safety still needs to be guaranteed.By the way, I implore Her Majesty the Queen to live a long and healthy life—when praying for this one by one, the British cabinet secretaries are absolutely sincere.
   
   
Chapter 151   
   
   Although Lockhart felt that the trivial matter of a prince's fracture should not be necessary to come forward, but the prime minister thought of himself first when he wanted to solve the problem, which shows that he has already developed some psychological dependence on him, and he should not let the other party It is better to have a withdrawal reaction.So he simply prepared a big gift---a gift from the Association of Extraordinary PharmacistsThe wizard's daily medicine kit from here.In addition to common medicines such as cold medicine, wound medicine, eye drops, gastrointestinal medicine and sleeping pills, this medical bag also contains some refreshing medicines, tonics, and traditional Chinese medicines. I believe the other party will definitely need them.However, when he sent the medicine bag over, the Prime Minister was not in a hurry to find the prince with the medicine, but asked Lockhart about 
   meeting the queen
   .Lockhart did not expect that the Prime Minister would be even more anxious than himself, and more importantly, he had not heard of any major events in Britain recently.After thinking for a while, Lockhart guessed what the Prime Minister was thinking.
   If you are worried that we wizards will be detrimental to the government, then you don't have to beat around the bush like this.
    Lockhart said frankly, 
   Because this is something that is very likely to happen in the future.
   Major did not expect Lockhart to speak so clearly.He laughed with feigned ease:    You must be joking, right? What conflict can we have? We've worked so well together so far, we've both gotten what we wanted, I can't think of any ...
   
   Because there is a certain group of wizards whose political point of view is to rule Muggles, even though they are out of power now,
    Lockhart said.Major's laughter stopped abruptly.
   Is it the pure blood you mentioned last time?
   
   Not all, in fact, the vast majority of pure-blood families are neutral, some families firmly oppose it, and some agree with it, but if the current situation continues, the neutral families are likely to turn to agree with the model of wizards ruling Britain .”Lockhart was deliberately alarmist, trying to scare the Prime Minister, but for some reason, the Prime Minister reacted quickly this time, and didn't even intend to give up.
   Maybe we can help...you know, I have a responsibility for the people of the whole of Britain,
    Major hinted.Lockhart finally understood that the Prime Minister seemed to be planning to do whatever he wanted today.Meddle in wizarding affairs.If it was an ordinary person, he would probably suspect that the Prime Minister knew something, but Lockhart didn't think so.Because he is well aware of the British government's diplomatic style, or the internal standard procedures.The more they are unaware: the more they will act like they know everything, making the other party feel suspicious.On the contrary, when they really know the truth, they will pretend to be confused with a calm attitude.Regardless of whether he was angry or hesitant, Major could hear some of the wizard's details from his own reaction.Even if he really lost his temper, the prime minister only needs another    sincere apology
    to eliminate the influence, and it will be himself who will be at fault.Otherwise, how can you say that you can play politics only if you have a city government?Thinking of this, Lockhart was not in a hurry.He graciously sat opposite the prime minister, not only did he not show any anger or dissatisfaction, but even had a look of nostalgia on his face.Regardless of what others think about political struggle, Lockhart really likes this interesting game anyway. A big man in a big eastern country said that 
   fighting with others is a lot of fun
   , and he probably meant this kind of person.
   Very well, you finally have a sense of responsibility to us. This is a welcome progress.
    Lockhart encouraged the Prime Minister and said, 
   In this way we can start the second phase of the process.
   Lockhart's reaction also greatly exceeded the Prime Minister's expectations. His troublesome probing turned out to be something planned by the other party. Major was completely unprepared for this, and for a moment he didn't even know how to proceed....hope you understand that all I want is peace of mind. 
   He had to do this firstSay.
   I understand what you mean.
    Lockhart calmly took the initiative of the negotiation back into his own hands, 
   Considering the degree of understanding and trust between the two of us, I think some measures that hurt feelings can be suspended At the right time, I will tell you most of the issues you care about.
   
   Oh? When?
   Major found that his attitude seemed a little too weak, so he quickly corrected it.
   I'm not complaining, but just helping you hide your existence, we're already exhausted. Like your wanted man, that car flying in the sky, the unmapped area in the Scottish Highlands, and every inch of land Charles Cross is always missing a piece...you know what I mean.
   
   I understand,
    Lockhart said calmly, 
   so we're trying to take more responsibility too.
   Major hit the snake with a stick:    What kind of responsibility? I'm not talking about oil and drug sales. You know, that can only be regarded as a win-win benefit.
   
   Providing medical services for the royal family is not considered?
    Lockhart sighed, 
   Although those people have been telling me that Muggles are greedy ghosts, I have always refused to believe it, because I am also half Muggle blood .”
   Of course not.
    The Prime Minister finally found a chance to make his appeal, 
   Although I tried my best to tell those departments that they don't need to worry, but... hearing is believing, seeing is believing, right?
   
   You mean we have to show more sincerity if we want to normalize the relationship?
    Lockhart asked.
   Of course, of course!
    the Prime Minister said loudly, waving his hands. 
   We have no intention of being unfriendly, but being honest is beneficial to both of us.
   
   So, what do you want?
    Lockhart asked patiently.
   That competition... that competition called the Big Five Tournament, the second event is heldWhen I want to find time to go to the scene to have a look. 
   
   No problem, as long as you want.
   
   Bring one more person by the way.
   Lockhart smiled:    I guess that must be an experienced security professional...I can agree to your request, but I also need to meet that expert. 
   The Prime Minister stretched out his hand:    Deal?
   Chapter 310 Nine Latin MenAfter returning to Hogsmeade, Lockhart couldn't help sighing in his heart that it was so difficult to do something these days.Wizards don't trust Muggles, and Muggles don't trust wizards either.The people in the middle are not pleasing to both sides. On the contrary, wizards like Voldemort of the United Kingdom, the Purifiers of the United States, and the 
   right wing
    among Muggles are more appealing. Thousands of people respond with a shout.And there is only one thing Lockhart can rely on, and that is profit.As a loyal believer in Adam Smith's 
   The Wealth of Nations
   , he firmly believes that the benefits of a more reasonable allocation of resources will make the theory of the 
   dark forest
    chain of suspicion mentioned in 
   The Three-Body Problem
    lose its father.It's just that he has a headache right now—that is, he has to take care of the wizard's side of the business, and he can't spare himself to make arrangements for the Muggle side.And if he ignores the Muggle side for too long, not to mention that the speed of the layout will stagnate, even if the Muggle Prime Minister has no one to show his face for too long, he will inevitably be suspicious-and the recent incident is a wake-up call .Lockhart felt that he had to find someone to watch over there, as his representative, to exist on the Muggle side for a long time.That being said, this representative is not easy to find.First of all, this person must be a pure-blood wizard. If he is a Muggle-born wizard, he may unconsciously lean towards the Muggle position;Secondly, this person cannot have a good relationship with either Fudge or Dumbledore: otherwise, it will be difficult to implement his will;In addition, this person has to have some spellcasting ability, at least he can't lose face to wizards on the Muggle side;Of course, the most important point is that he must have some interests in the Muggle side, otherwise it is hard to believe that he will work hard.It would be even better if he is proficient in Muggle dress and speech, and has some living experience in Muggle society.…well, Lockhart didn't need to be reminded that such a person was hard to find.Lockhart sighed, and decided to inspect the preparations for the second event of the Big Five Tournament.Unsurprisingly, the first match of the Tournament did exactly as he wished, and it exploded all over the world.Facing the self-boasting of the Ministry of Magic and the compliments of his colleagues, Lockhart was very calm, because he took it for granted.Wizards are not lacking in entertainment compared to Muggles, and they are very colorful.In addition to small games such as gobstones, cards, and wizard chess for people's entertainment, there are newspapers, books, and radio stations, and Quidditch has replaced football as a national sport.The reason why Quidditch can become a national sport is because it takes on the social topic between wizards and wizards. As Hermione complained,    Aren't you going to talk about anything other than Quidditch?
    When strange wizards meet and don't know what to say, you can't go wrong talking about Quidditch.It’s just that if you always talk about one topic, people will always get bored. Therefore, in addition to the Quidditch League and the World Cup, wizards also need a celebratory nature, the main body is composed of the national political system, has economic value, and tolerates multiculturalism. A large-scale event of exchange attributes, the resurrection of the Triwizard Tournament just came into being.Since there are many stakeholders and media involved in it from various countries, they are all sparing no effort to promote this matter. Coupled with the unknowingly simple nationalistic spirit of wizards, it is difficult for wizards not to pay attention to it, so its popularity is also It became a matter of course.The media that bought the reporting rights from various countries have sent their best reporters hereHogsmeade, and passed the process of the first game back to their country.Although each country has different reports, thanks to the brilliant writing of the reporters, the wizards who generally lacked social topics after the World Cup quickly found new points of interest.As far as Lockhart knew, the newspapers reporting on the day of the competition in various countries generally reprinted two or three times, and columns discussing the competition began to appear one after another in the newspapers, and there were many well-known authors among them.Once the effect is achieved, it will be easy to handle, and then Lockhart can use the game to achieve his goals in an open and honest manner.As the preparation party for the competition, Lockhart of course had to secretly take care of the warriors of his country, but he couldn't be too deliberate in the project arrangement, which was very embarrassing.However, on Thanksgiving before the second project, five school warriors will be organized for a Quidditch friendship business match, 5 vs 5, without goalkeepers and seekers, and the game time is two hours .Although this is a commercially sponsored event, Lockhart knows that the warriors will not refuse, because the proceeds from the ticket sales of this game will be used to donate to the Muggle victims of the sinking of the 
   Estonia
    ship that sank in the Finnish waters on September 9 family members.The wizards of northern Europe are not sure if the ship sank because of encounters with kuraken sea monsters, but when the ship sank, the sea monsters were indeed active there, and if so, responsible for observing and recording sea monster activities The wizard in the school is undoubtedly suspected of dereliction of duty, and as the alma mater of that wizard, Durmstrang may also have shame on his face.Charity is always an admirable move. Not to mention that Durmstrang, who is located in Northern Europe, wants to wipe the ass of his own disciples. Even Dumbledore did not express any dissatisfaction with this schedule, and the self-proclaimed humanistic brilliance focuses The French in the land will not refuseJust as Lockhart was planning to go to Cedric and Harry to discuss filming promotions during the weekendWhile watching the movie, he bumped into someone right next to Harry.
   God, you've been selected as a warrior too, I didn't know it at all!
    Sirius Black said to Harry, 
   I was participating in a modified motorcycle hill-climbing race in Southeast Asia, and went to drink after winning the championship. Only then did I realize that you were actually selected as a warrior, this is really...
   Harry looked a bit overwhelmed by his godfather's enthusiasm, but he tried to correct him anyway:    Not a warrior, just a warrior's squire.
   
   All the same, didn't you shine in the first game?
   Sirius gave Harry a friendly pat on the head, messing up his hair even more
   Damn it, I didn't watch the game live, but I assure you, I won't miss any of the next few games...
   
   Thank you, Sirius.
    Harry quickly escaped from the godfather's claws:    I have another Quidditch match next week, but this time I have to be the Chaser.
   Sirius was overjoyed:    Really? James was also a Chaser back then, you can try a few more positions... Oh, Gilderoy, is it okay for you to come to Harry too?
   Looking at Gilderoy Lockhart who suddenly appeared in front of him, and his strange eyes, Sirius felt a little faint for some reason.Chapter 320 Rate the DonkeyWhen Lockhart offered to let him go to work, Sirius initially refused.Because he is living a very good life now, he can play wherever he wants, buy whatever he wants, and there is no nagging old woman to control him, he is as free as a Thai who has taken off his collar. di sameBut Lockhart told him very seriously that he couldn't go on like this, such a life of idleness would completely destroy him.Sirius lost his composure after hearing 
   loafing around
   .
   Hey, who are you calling idle?
    He asked dissatisfied.But Lockhart will not save face for him:    It seems that that person is not only idle, but also has no idea... Tell me, what have you done in the past ten months?
   
   I
   Sirius subconsciously opened his mouth to refute, but after being stuck in the shell for a long time, he couldn't say anything.Except for running around and playing like crazy, he really didn't seem to do anything, except for shopping, he went to Italy, France, Malaysia... In short, running around by himself.He was a little guilty at first, but then he remembered that he didn't seem to need to work.
   You don't care.
    He said, 
   I'm not short of money.
   Lockhart sighed heavily: Newell heard, Harry... your godfather means that as long as you have money, you don't have to work.You don't have to go to school anymore, just drop out and go play Quidditch.    
   
   Really? 
   Harry beamed with joy.
   Hey, wait!
    Sirius quickly dragged his godson behind him, 
   Don't listen to his nonsense, we study to make ourselves a capable person, and only after you have the ability can you have the right to choose your social class , you can't catch a golden snitch for a lifetime.
   These were the things that old Mrs. Black had been whispering in his ear, and though Sirius had always ignored them, something seemed to have burned into his brain so that when he needed blurted out
   Really? But you just said clearly...
    Harry looked puzzled.Lockhart suddenly discovered that Harry had learned badly at some point, and was able to cooperate with himself in acting seemingly innocently. He didn't believe that Harry really didn't understand anything.Although Sirius is almost 30 years old, he is even worse than his godson in this respect, because he really believes.
   Damn it!
    He was furious. 
   Can't you let me rest for another year or so and enjoy my life? I just stayed in Azkaban for ten years! And there is no good job worth doing right now.
   
   No, there just so happens to be an honorable, honorable job waiting for you that no non-hero can do,
    Lockhart told him, 
   and it's a perfect fit for you.
   
   what?
   Lockhart did not answer Sirius directly, but turned to Harry Potter first
   Harry, have you seen the 
   007
    series of movies?
   
   Only watched part of it,
    Harry admitted, 
   I used to watch TV secretly when the Dursleys weren't home, so I didn't watch a whole movie, just a few clips, and Dave Power Collectible Poster - Bond, James Bond, right?
   
   Really. That's just right. There are new films I bought back. You can go and see them.oo But that's not what I'm talking about, it's about your godfather.If he also went to work under 
   Mrs. M
    and became a real secret agent, would you be willing?
    Lockhart asked.
   Cool!
    Harry blurted out.No matter how stupid Sirius was, he also discovered Lockhart's purpose at this time-this guy just wanted to pull himself to work.
   
   
Chapter 152   
   
   
   Wait!
    He quickly stopped:    I haven't agreed yet.
   
   Don't worry, even if you are willing, they may not be willing to take you.
    Lockhart sarcastically said mercilessly, 
   Ten years from Azkaban, I'm afraid your skills will not be enough.
   Sirius refused:    Nonsense, my skill is very good, I just won a motorcycle hill climb championship.
   
   Forget it, who knows what you added to your motorcycle... Let me tell you, even if Muggles are willing to train you, I'm afraid your 30-year-old body can't run two steps. I won't let you go to the one who makes the move.
   Sirius didn't agree with him at all:    So, you don't have to come to me at all.
   
   Harry, look at your godfather. I'm afraid he will spend his whole life like this. When you go out to meet people, you must never mention him, or you will be looked down upon...
   
   Shut up,
    said Sirius.Although forced to play for a long time, Sirius is a person who can still distinguish the seriousness of the matter. He bargained to the end, and finally agreed to Lockhart to give it a try.The communication between wizards and Muggles must be two-way, not like it is now, unless Fudge and Lockhart are willing to go to them, Muggle high-level can't even contact wizards.The so-called strategic misjudgments are often made when the two sides lack communication channels.will be born.It's like the Soviet Union and the United States before 
   Star Wars
   . Both sides thought that Fang had a set of black technology that could destroy the country a hundred times. It wasn't until after the victory was decided that the intelligence agencies of both sides were tacitly defrauding funds.But if the powerful ministers of both sides have the opportunity to sit down and have a frank talk: many things can be solved easily.Although the final result still has a high probability that the two parties will continue to act, but at least they will not act until the guns go off the rails.For this purpose, Lockhart confessed to Sirius very carefully:    When you go to the Muggles in the future, your main task is to clock in and go to work every day, work for them seriously for a period of time, and learn their knowledge by the way.
    Work thinking and methods, and strive to learn how Muggles deal with terrorists
   
   But Muggles can't teach us everything,
    said Sirius.
   It doesn't matter, the main function of you going there is to tell the top of the Muggle Intelligence Service that 
   we wizards are human too
   , as long as it plays this role.As for your ability to work, in fact, I don't count on it at all. ' Lockhart told himSirius's violent temper suddenly came up—since you said so, then I will show my face to you, and let my godson know how awesome I was back then.
   When will I go?
    He asked with a dark face.
   When the second Thanksgiving project is held at the end of October, the Muggles should send an expert over, and I will take you to meet him. You are the 
   sincerity
    we want to show to the Muggles.
   
   It looks like I can play for another half a month.
    Sirius shrugged, looking indifferent.Chapter 320 Training Juniors Is a Sense of AchievementLockhart actually had the idea of ​​security cooperation with Muggles very early, or when he was helping the Prime Minister catch IRA prison escapees, but he never took the initiative to bring it up to the other party.Because Lockhart was very worried that when Voldemort returned, no matter how much the Lions took precautions, they would still be at a disadvantage in terms of absolute power.That being the case, it would be good to borrow a little bit of Muggle power.But the problem was that Lockhart couldn't take the initiative to bring this up to the Muggles.Because as long as he took the initiative to tell the Prime Minister, it would be equivalent to admitting that wizards need Muggle help so that they can deal with their 
   civil strife
   .Losing face and so on can only be regarded as small problems. If Muggles really kill a few wizards, let alone whether Muggles will lose their respect for wizards. Completely turned into a 
   traitor
   
    Even if those wizards are all Death Eaters.But if Muggles took the initiative to resist Voldemort for 
   self-preservation
   , then it's none of Lockhart's business, right?It would be best if Dumbledore and Harry could get rid of Voldemort smoothly, but if they couldn't get rid of him, then Lockhart could only use his own methods to try to get rid of him.Two days later, the Quidditch charity match was held on the Quidditch pitch in Hogwarts in the Knockout Tournament of the Big Five.As Lockhart had expected, none of the warriors refused, even Vagadus and Ilvermorny.Because the principals of several schools would not allow the students of their own schools to show no sympathy on such public issues, Lockhart's moral bondageThe frame was a big success.The most famous player in the game is undoubtedly Viktor Krum. After all, he is the main force of the Bulgarian national team, so in addition to his school's attendants, his team also brought Beauxbaton's little girl in by the way. The two teams were evenly matched to form a 
   forest team.
   However, the Hogwarts lineup is not bad. Although the Ilvermorny warriors on the same team are not very good at Quidditch, Cedric and Harry are the main Seekers of the school team, let alone Harry also had a Firebolt.Although Furong can only ride a broomstick sideways, she unexpectedly flies well, so the 
   Ocean Team
    here is also playing decently.Because it was only a public welfare competition, no one made some rough fouls during the competition, and Krum obviously showed mercy.After two hours of the game, the two sides fought 120 to 100. The Forest team won by 20 points. The game ended in harmony, and the more than 600 Galleons raised in this game were also handed over by Dumbledore. Estonian Ministry of Magic, everyone is happy with that.Especially Dumbledore, he believes that such a game promotes the friendship of the warriors and inspires their sense of social responsibility, which is a rare and good game.The only person who complained was the representative of Sweeping Company. He thought that since he was the sponsor, their company's sponsorship advertisement should appear in such a competition.Seeing that he was about to make a fuss, the people from the sports department had to pull him aside: tell him that if such a public welfare competition has commercial behavior, it will damage their company's image. Besides, the Warriors in the second project We will use the sweeping company's products throughout the whole process, so there is no need for them to be so impatient.After listening to the latter part of the sentence, the representative immediately stated that for the noble common ideal of all wizards, Sweeping Company will fully support the Ministry of Magic to hold a five-wizard tournament full of love and peace.Of course, Lockhart just listened to fart.In the last few days before the competition, Hermione Granger suddenly became very diligent, sometimes even writing two or three letters to Lockhart a day.The main issue she was writing to inquire about was of course the matter of the    Wizard Express
   , and she wondered if the house-elf's status could be improved if she demonstrated the ability to send items quickly.Lockhart was amazed by Hermione's keenness—because in his conception, the courier company really needed to hire a large number of house elf employees.He thought about it, and decided to tell Hermione part of his plan.
   If you have followed the news on the Muggle side, you will know that (C)tyLink', an old British courier company, is now facing the risk of bankruptcy.The Muggle government doesn't want it to go bankrupt, because if it goes bankrupt, not only its [-] employees will lose their jobs, but even their executives, civil servants who have retired from the government, will lose an extra income.You can use your brain to think about it, what would I do, and what would you do? 
   Shortly after the reply letter was sent, Hermione sent another letter soon.
   If I were you, I would buy this company with a loan from a Muggle bank, and divide the company's business into three parts --- one for VIP customers.Li, with the selling point of 
   delivery within 2 hours to any part of the country
   , is in charge of the wizard; the second part is set up for corporate users, promising to transport large quantities of goods quickly without damage, and this part is in charge of the house elf; the third part is It is the general express business, which is handled by Muggle employees.
   After seeing Hermione's countermeasures, Lockhart felt extremely relieved, like a father watching his daughter finally grow up as he wished.Especially the one in the reply letter, 
   Looking for a loan from a Muggle bank to buy
   , Lockhart was absolutely flattered. It's not that they don't have money, but the one who is in debt these years is the uncle,If they don't find a bank to borrow money, it is impossible for the British banking industry, which is the largest in the UK, to exert influence and let a group of people of unknown origin buy an old company.Lockhart's reply was not lacking in praise:   Perfect move, Hermione! I'd give Gryffindor 30 points if I were still teaching at the school.Let me give you a suggestion - if you want to really improve the status of the house-elves and convince them to accept freedom, you must first convince the wizarding families who have house-elves to hand over the subordination of the elves. Going to a unified company, counted as 
   technical shares
    After they hand over the control of the house-elves, you can use the name of the company to improve the treatment of the house-elves, by the way you use the 
   Attitude Change and Social Influence
    
   The knowledge learned in the book helps these house-elves to subtly change their minds.Take this as my homework for you - how are you going to convince those pureblood families to hand over their house-elves?Friendly reminder, they are not short of money now.Hermione looked elated when she received the reply.
   Isn't that simple?
    she said to herself, 
   
   To master Muggles' logistics is to master their lifeblood, and this power must be in the hands of pure blood'.. Ha, I like to use brains more and more up. 
   Chapter 320: Luring wolves into the house.On the day when the second event of the Big Five Tournament was held, Mrs. Rimington woke up early, washed up hastily, and then rushed to Whitehall.In London in October, if you don’t expect to see the sunrise until 0:7 am, it is extremely difficult for cancer patients to get up early.But this is not true for Mrs. Rimington, because as people get older, they sleep less and less, and even if they are sleepy, it is only in the afternoon.According to the agreement, the wizard will send someone to pick her and the Prime Minister to watch the competition at the venue of some hegemony tournament today. This makes her feel extremely excited, and even rarely loses sleep.Although she did not tell the Prime Minister, Mrs. Rimington has to admit that the reason why she is going to visit the wizard is not entirely because of    national security
   .After all, their t youth newspaper department didn't know about the existence of wizards in the past hundreds of years, but there was no problem with Britain's national security. Even if she didn't worry about it, the problem shouldn't be too big.The reason why she had to take a look was plain and simple, just like the prime minister, she was just curious.When she returned to the UK from India with the rest of the civil servants and had to be transferred, the reason why she accepted the job in the intelligence department was because she was curious about such things as 
   secrets
   .But when she actually started working as an agent, she realized that she had been fooled.Regardless of whether it was MI[-] or other departments, they were far less miraculous than the outside world said. Not only did they not have access to so-called alien intelligence, even the spy work was not as grand as she imagined.Many times the job of a spy is to go to a foreign market to buy somethingPrices, buying a few newspapers by the way, contacting a few NGs, and participating in activities is over. There is no need for them to shoot guns, climb trains, drill caves, or sneak into the enemy's headquarters to take photos of so-called confidential documents.Although she was very disappointed, Mrs. Rimington also knew that this was the so-called job, and since she accepted it, she couldn't quit easily.Life has passed so plainly for decades, and she has changed from a small employee to the current head of MI[-].She thought that the curiosity about unknown things in her heart had long been forgotten, but when she learned again that there was an anomaly called a wizard in this world, the fifty-year-old woman suddenly discovered that she and her youth were unexpectedly It doesn't make a difference either.She came to Whitehall just in time for Downing Street to open, and had breakfast there leisurely, pretending to be unhurried.And her demeanor really deceived the Prime Minister. At least when Major saw her reading the newspaper while drinking coffee, he said with emotion that people who engage in intelligence have a strong psychological quality. The night he learned of the existence of wizards But he couldn't sleep, and he didn't sleep well the night before he went to Hogsmeade.Of course, if he knew that Mrs. Rimington had read the news on the front page for half an hour, he would know that Mrs. Rimington's current state was not very normal.
   Good morning, Stella, they say they'll send someone at eight, but they want us to have a room with a fireplace, so let's go upstairs,
    the Prime Minister greeted her.
   Fireplace?
    repeated Miss Rimington.
   Yeah, so I chose that drawing room...the one that's dedicated to the 'fireside chat'. 
   Mrs. Rimington put down the newspaper in her hand:    I doubt whether the wizard can understand what you mean.
   It doesn't matter if you don't understand, let's go!After all, the two of them used the name of 
   confidentiality
    to screen away all the internal affairs personnel and came to the special reception room.At exactly eight o'clock, Lockhart, dressed in a suit and leather shoes, knocked on the door of the reception room, and walked in politely amidst the Prime Minister's 
   Come in
   .
   Good morning, I kept you two waiting for a long time!
    Lockhart turned and closed the door, 
   Long time no see, sir, who is this lady?
   Without Major's introduction, Mrs. Rimington took the initiative to greet her:    Stella Rimington, it's an honor to meet you, Director Lockhart.
   
   Ms. Rimington, hello.
    Lockhart gently squeezed the tip of the lady's finger.Just as Lockhart was wondering who this lady was, Mrs. Rimington had already started asking him:   I remember the Prime Minister said, the last time you took him directly into the air? Why didn't you do the same this time? Did you only take one person at a time?
   Lockhart suddenly felt a familiar negotiating atmosphere rushing towards his face - not letting the other party think, and throwing out a question that needs to be answered instinctively, this is a routine commonly used by veteran negotiators, and it is also very familiar to Lockhart Routine.
   No, it doesn't matter how many people I bring.
    Lockhart boasted, 
   We have you in mind, so we took you there in this way.
   
   What's the difference?
    Mrs. Rimington went on.
   For the elderly, we usually do not recommend that the elderly over the age of 60 use morphing, entourage morphing, or door keys, mainly because they are worried that their bones cannot bear the pressure of morphing.For example, Nicolas Flamel (Nicole Lemay) in France, although he lived to be nearly [-] years old, due to osteoporosis, he has long been unable to show his appearance, and he can't even shake hands.If you don't believe it, you can ask the Prime Minister, he should have some experience of the pressure that the appearance brings. 
   Seeing Mrs. Rimington looking at him, Major shrugged, confirming what Lockhart said.
   It's true, it felt like being roughly shoved into a tube-like, my bones were about to be crushed.
   Although Mrs. Rimington is only 8 years older than me, she is still regarded as a 
   young man
   . This fact undoubtedly makes the Prime Minister feel happy from body to heartIn contrast, Mrs. Rimington was not in a very good mood.
   I'm only 59 years old this year.
    She said with a gloomy face, 
   Since that's more convenient, let's follow the old rules and let's show up.
   
   Why? The Floo Network Management Center has clearly opened a passage for this fireplace.
    Lockhart wanted to get him, 
   We just need to get into the fireplace and warm it for a few seconds...
   
   I said one by one, use the 
   revealing
    that you took the Prime Minister to, and don't bother you to open any network. 
   Mrs. Rimington repeated her request for the appearance of her entourage again, and the tone was so strong that it cannot be questioned. Lockhart even smelled a dangerous breath from it,So he decisively stopped discussing this topic, and then took out a blank sheet of paper.
   Temporarily canceled, we will manifest in the past.
   He wrote a line of words on it and folded it to form an airplane.With the Prime Minister and Lady Rimington watching, Lockhart came to the fireplace.
   Flaming...ahem...God, how long has your fireplace been useless? The firewood is so wet it looks like it was freshly cut from the tree.
   After being choked by the smoke, Lockhart couldn't help complaining.
   It was indeed just cut down.
    The Prime Minister said with a smile, 
   We haven't used a fireplace for a long time, and there are electric heaters in the office.
   Lockhart shook his head, took out a little Floo powder and sprinkled it on the fireplace, all the while Mrs Rimington was watching him closely, wanting to see what tricks he was up to.
   Ministry of Magic Floo Network Management Office!
   He yelled, and then threw the plane into the fireplace, and the rising green flames instantly engulfed the paper plane.Although he did deliberately use this method to divert the old lady's attention, in order to prevent the other party from continuing to question her aggressively.Seeing that Mrs. Rimington was no longer speaking, Lockhart drew his wand.
   Okay, since you insist, please come within two meters of me, and be careful not to let the corners of your clothes go out of the circle...
   After another whirlwind 
   drilling
    trip, Lockhart brought two distinguished guests to 
   Jack Pea
    in Hogsmeade VillageUnlike the Prime Minister who hid in the bushes to vomit, Mrs. Rimington continued to stand at attention, as if she was demonstrating to Lockhart.But Lockhart knew that it was almost impossible for someone who experienced apparation for the first time to adapt immediately.
   Although drinking early in the morning is not very good, the wizard's wine is different. It can make the two of you more sober.The second game may take more than ten hours, so for this game, let us find a quiet place and watch it from a high place! ' he suggested.Mrs. Rimington suppressed the discomfort in her stomach, and nodded reservedly, expressing her agreement.
   
   
Chapter 153   
   
   She was afraid that she would spit it out even if she opened her mouth.Chapter 320 The Second GameBecause the last time he came was at dusk, Prime Minister Major didn't have time to take a look around Hogsmeade Village. Even when he saw the 
   Jack Pea
    Hotel from a distance, he only thought it was a big tree. little tree.But this time it's daytime, the Prime Minister and the head of MI5 can see very clearly: That is not a big tree, but a surprisingly large pea sprout.The two stood under the pea sprouts, their mouths were wide open, their expressions were no different from those of the Muggle financial elites who came here for the first time, and even more embarrassing, because they knew that this was a witchcraft creation, not some    artist
    
    an impromptu work.In the eyes of the two, Lockhart pulled a bean vine hanging outside the 
   Jack Pea
    hotel, and then shouted.
   We're going to the roof! Three!
    said Lockhart.The pea vine shrank back as if spiritually, and then two thicker bean vines hung down, and the ends were bent into a ring and entangled together, like a huge swing.Lockhart reached out and made a rr gesture, signaling the Prime Minister and Ms. Rimington to take the 
   elevator
    up.After seeing this 
   sightseeing elevator
   , Major obviously swallowed a mouthful of saliva.He glanced at his side, and after observing Mrs. Rimington's calm expression, he felt a sudden sway in his heart, and stepped onto the 
   elevator
    made of bean vines in one stride.Mrs. Rimington didn't say much, and followed him into the elevator.It's just that from the point of view of her gripping Douman tightly, her heart is actually not peaceful.As the elevator slowly ascended, Prime Minister Major made a joke in order to ease his inner anxiety.
   Shouldn't there be giants and castles on it?
    He asked with a forced smile.
   Probably not.
    Lockhart said without thinking, 
   Hagrid is staring at the acromantula today.
   Major wisely didn't ask what 
   Acromantula
    was, otherwise he might really not be able to eat.Major tried to force himself not to look at his feet by changing the subject, but Mrs. Rimington turned her attention to the pods that 
   Jack Peas
    opened.Although the pod is a fully enclosed structure, through the light and shadow, Mrs. Rimington can still see the shadows inside, obviously someone is inside.
   Is this the hotel?
    she asked. 
   Financial Street has spread it very evil recently, but outsiders think those people are exaggerating.
   
   Yes, there are a total of 1000 rooms, which can accommodate up to [-] people, but they are still full every day during the competition, because tourists from all over the world come to watch the competition, and those who do not have reservations have to stay in B&Bs or tents.
    Lockhart Said not without showing off.Rimington made an estimate in his mind, and found that if more than 2000 people could support the number of tourists for an international competition, then the total population of the wizarding world probably would not exceed 100 million.She silently kept this information in her heart, and then slowly inquired about the strength of the wizards after preparation.After arriving at the top of the hotel, Lockhart directly led the two to the open-air table he had reserved.Because tickets were hard to come by for the first game, and Moody insisted on not casting the Untraceable Stretching Curse in the theater, saying that he was worried that the Death Eaters would take advantage of the chaos to erase the spell during the game and crowd the theater with the suddenly shrinking walls. Those tourists died, so many tourists failed to enter in the end.In order to prevent the same accident from happening again, temporary venues were set up at the Three Broomsticks, Mrs. Puddiffe's Tea House, and the top floor of Jack Pea's before the second match., Simultaneously rebroadcast the scenes of the five-wild tournament, so that hundreds more A can be accommodatedIt is worth mentioning that, because there were almost no reporters reporting on Forge's lengthy speech in the last competition, they reported on Lockhart's appearance in the competition as the 
   village chief
   . Only in the competition can people remember the truth, so I simply became the task dispatcher myself.In order to avoid the embarrassment of the Muggle Prime Minister and the Minister of Magic appearing together, Lockhart deliberately pulled them away.Cool mint water and delicious kirsch were brought up from the three broomsticks in a short while, and they managed to suppress the vomiting of the Prime Minister and Mrs. Rimington, so that they did not notice Lockhart's little thoughts .When the game started, Lockhart didn't have to bother to distract them anymore, because the game was enough to keep the two of them engrossed.Just the preparation before the game let the Warriors know why the money accumulated in the first round will give them a huge advantage.In front of the props sales house, the warriors looked at the prices of the goods in front of the current round of 
   I tool shop
   , and fell silent in unison.There is only one kind of thing on the shelf, and it is not a rare thing. The Warriors even played together a few days ago, but they did not expect that the theme of the second round would be this.-- broom——An old-fashioned five-star sweep, 20 Galleons; an amateur seven-star sweep, 60 Galleons; a professional-grade nine-star sweep, 100 Galleons; a latest 
   star sweep
    star, 150 Galleons.In addition to these brooms, there were also some brown granules that smelled a bit fishy and didn't know what they were. The price was 1 gallon per gallon, but no one knew what they were for.Although the Warriors still don't know what the event of this round is, even a fool can guess that if they have money, they must buy the best broom possible.However, even Hogwarts with the most money, their 247 galleons are not enough to buy two sweeping 11 stars, not even enough to buy a sweeping 11 plus a sweeping 9Everyone looked at the fat man in the middle of the arena, waiting for him to give himself an explanationOn the rooftop of Jack Pea, the Muggle Prime Minister Major blurted out.
   That's the Minister for Magic! I've seen him twice,
    he said to Mrs Rimington, pointing at the man.Mrs. Rimington nodded to show that she had heard it.In the center of the screen, Fudge has already begun to introduce the second project and the tasks of the warriors.Because of his slurred speech and his tendency to brag, the panoramic binoculars switched channels in time when the broadcast was halfway through, allowing Lee Jordan's commentary to reach the audience's ears.
   ...the second game we named it 'Dangerous'!Its background is set after the first game-the warrior and his squires came to this small village that was infested by ghosts and rescued the villagers from the ghosts.But why is such a peaceful small village attacked by a large number of ghosts that suddenly appeared?Warriors decided to explore the truth.He found a well-known fortune teller and wanted to know what happened in this village.But the fortune-teller said that he lacked divination materials, and he needed the warriors to obtain enough divination materials for him from magical creatures in forests, lakes, snow-capped mountains and other places before he could continue divination for the warriors.In order to obtain the materials as soon as possible, the warriors used all their savings for themselves and their servants.From the purchase of broomsticks, and the large amount of pet food, it seemed that he hoped to obtain those materials from magical creatures as peacefully as possible.But can they really get what they want?Please look forward to the performances of the warriors from all schools!After reading the background of the game passionately, Lee Jordan became sluggish again, and began to read the commercials reluctantly.
   The broomsticks used in this game are exclusively sponsored by Sweeping Broom Company - we don't sweep the floor, we only sweep the sky!And the pet food specially sponsored by Yila Owl Store - trust its taste, here is the best! 
   —After reading the advertisement in one breath, Li Qiaodan breathed a sigh of relief—no matter how many times he did this kind of thing, he was still not used to it, but the situation was finally getting better and better.Only by satisfying the sponsors can the competition be profitable.This Big Five Tournament can be said to be a good opportunity for the Hogwarts Student Union to show its talents. With Slytherin in control of the financial power and Hufflepuff in control of the organization: Gryffindor can only operate and maneuver Show your own value, and the student union will not be snatched away by Slytherin.The gang of Lucius Malfoy put a lot of pressure on the Gryffindors, especially after the oil project started to make a profit. It is said that the Slytherin Alumni Association received a bursary of 5 galleons a year, which is Enough for the little snakes to use props and potion materials extravagantly in dueling clubs and potions classes.The only feasible way for Gryffindor to deal with it is to make his way easier.   wild
    some.Just like Lee Jordan chose the commercial commentator, Colin Creevey also organized a group of Muggle students to act as the cameraman, and took a lot of wonderful photosSelling to the media at home and abroad to maintain the income of the association... In short, they have nothinghave to tryAnyway, what Gryffindor lacks most is the courage to try new things.Chapter 320 AdvantagesWith everyone's gaze gathered, 
   The Fortune Teller
    Fudge took out a list of materials and officially announced the start of the second match.
   For a perfect divination, I need the hide of the invisible beast, the tail hair of the unicorn, the powdered horn of the horned camel, the teeth of the rune snake, the feathers of the vampire, the hair of the five-legged Half a pint of blood from a lizard, venom from an acromantula, and scales from a Hydra.
   Fudge touched his own crystal ball, and told the warriors the quest props needed for the game in a deliberately pretended mysterious tone.It's just that his slightly swollen face, which looks flattering when he smiles, doesn't look like a fortune teller no matter what, just like the village chief Lockhart who didn't look like an old man at all in the last game.However, he was able to speak clearly, so all the spectators who were watching the game heard what he said.After hearing the mission items that Fudge asked for, Hermione in the audience was taken aback for a moment, then frowned, as if remembering something.Similarly, after hearing the quest items, Cedric couldn't help but speak out.
   As for unicorns, I remember that there are near Hogwarts. We can also think of a solution for salamanders, but...such as five-legged monsters, acromantulas, hydras, and witch birds, let's put aside whether we There are no problems that can be dealt with, even if you want to catch them, there are no near Hogsmeade.
   
   No, no, no...
    Fudge wagged his fingers, and took out a map, 
   There are indeed these monsters around the village, I can be sure.Due to the recent anomalies in the village, in addition to the ghosts you encountered during Halloween, many magical creatures that are rarely seen at ordinary times have also settled down around the village.This map is where they were recently seen.But I need to remind you, because the magic of those magical creatures will disturb the surroundings, and Hogsmeade Village is not very normal, so the use of Apparition, Portkey, Phoenix, Floo Powder, and All Water Pass is prohibited throughout the game. All space-transporting magic such as ships, and the use of any means of transportation other than the brooms you bought are also prohibited.Once a violation is found, the game will be counted as 
   no harvest
   , and the result of the game will be treated as the result of the last place.In addition to the restrictions on transportation, we do not prohibit the use of any magic items, warriors can even go home and sleep, and it doesn’t matter if you bring your favorite toolbox, haha...
   Fudge told a joke that he thought was funny, but no one laughed, and after hearing this, all the warriors sighed in disappointment.If apparition is prohibited, it means that the fastest and most convenient means of transportation will disappear. They can only move by broom all the time, and even use brooms to circle around when catching magical creatures.As for the permission to carry magic items... Unless it is a powerful epic item, even if ordinary students are fully equipped, it will be difficult for them to defeat things like Hydera, Acantara, and Quintesque.The people from Sweeping Broom Company are of course very happy, because after the transportation is limited, it means that all the spectators have to stare at their company’s logo during the competition, and it is difficult for people who take pictures to take a photo without their company. Logo photo.The management of Sweeping Company felt more and more that they had made a wise decision—not only did they spend the money they paid for sponsoring the Triwizard Tournament to buy the exclusive broom sponsorship for the Big Five Tournament, but they also made the company's products the focus of the second match.The Warriors looked at the brooms provided by Sweeping Company and didn't look at them again, because these are obviously hand-made brooms, usually there is no major problem, even if the performance needs to be fine-tuned, they can be on the road conductAdjustment.After confirming that there was nothing wrong with the broom, they moved together to look at the map in front of Fudge.As a result, they found that the so-called 
   surrounding the village
    covered almost the entire Scottish Highlands area. If the large swamp was included, the total area was at least [-] to [-] square kilometers. The farthest one was the same as theirs. Nearly a hundred miles apart.In other words, if you want to defeat those magical creatures and get parts from them, the warriors need to take a broom for at least an hour to get there.Of course, if a person is riding a Firebolt, then he probably only needs to spend 40 minutes to get there, but if he is riding a sweeping 0 star, it will take him an hour and a half.What?You said it's the same as the Weasley brothers' broom, sweeping five stars?...I suggest you walk, dear.And from the creatures they have to deal with in this game, it can be seen that what the broom brings is not only the speed problem, but also the mobility problem when facing magical creatures.It's not bad against man-eating five-legged monsters, they only need to fly a little higher to avoid being gnawed to the bone, but if they are up against magic-using unicorns, poison-breathing rune snakes, and For the silk-spinning acromantula, their mobility in the air may be more important than pure speed.
   Excuse me... can each group of warriors only deal with one monster?
    asked Stuart of Ilvermorny.Fudge shook his head again and again:    This is the key, warriors, there is a time limit for this competition.Today's dusk is the most suitable time for divination. If you miss it, you will really miss it. So if you still can't get the divination materials I need before [-]:[-] p.m., then I can only use the existing things you can collect for divination, so the information I    divinate
    is likely to be only part of it.If I am compelled to tell you incomplete information, then you are carrying onIn the next few trials of warriors, it is very likely that you will die due to the lack of some key informationYellow Springs.JJ
   But...
    Stewart tried to argue, 
   we only have five groups of people, you goGave us 9 mobs, and the Hydra kind... obviously wasn't something we could deal withof.
   That's up to you, warriors. We have demonstrated every task here in detail, and we won't give you trials that you absolutely cannot complete.
    Fudge said with a proud smile.
   Really?
    Everyone was shocked.
   It's true... After you have completed a task, you can come back to me as soon as possible to ask for the second task. After the second task is completed, you can also get the third one. There is no upper limit on the number, but you must complete one task. Come back here to get the second one.What I must remind you is that, just as the result of the first game can bring you a great advantage in the second round, the result of your game will also bring you unexpected benefits in the third game one by one My words are hereFu Rong understood:    In other words, if anyone of us has the ability, we should complete as many tasks as possible this round?
   Familiar with the buck man〗 Ke!Prepare <江重问阿战佑世羆羆机?/p>/
   But...
    Fu Rong was still a little puzzled, 
   Missions like Hydra's are far more difficult than the others, and the acromantula and five-legged monster are not easy to deal with... In terms of cost performance, they are both A quest I think people would rather go catch salamanders orThe villain bird. 
   Fudge smiled even more happily:    So, use your brains to think about it, after completing these tasks, what kind of benefits will it bring to you in the third round?
   You mean, the rewards after completing each task are also different?
    Fu Rong asked.
   Of course! And...in fact, it is implied that we have told you, but you haven't noticed it until now.
    Fudge said with a wink, 
   Because we will hold an audience interaction program soon, so I can't tell you the task now What's the reward.
   
   The first 7 points of B? But you...
   
   
   
Chapter 154   
   
   Fleur frowned, she didn't seem to know what Fudge was implyingNot only Beauxbatons, but the warriors of Hogwarts and Ilvermorny were also a little puzzled by this.But Ouagadou's Dembele was thoughtful, and whispered a few words to Sankara, seemingly thinking of something; while Durmstrang's Krum and Christopherson had a tacit understanding They nodded at each other—obviously, they had figured out the key.Hearing Fudge talk about the 
   interactive program
   , Lee Jordan's voice came out of the paper cup speaker in due course.
   As Minister Fudge said, audience, now let's play an interactive game - you can guess what these missions represent, and what will they bring to the Warriors in the third round. Advantage.Those who think of the answer can write it down, fold it into a paper airplane and send it to the studio. The first three viewers who get the answer right can get a small gift carefully prepared by the preparatory team of the Big Five Tournament... Well, the warriors have started to compete !Let's get started too! 
   Chapter 320 The number 7 is indeed the most mysteriousUnder the surprised eyes of the Hogwarts students, Hermione Granger took out her quill and wrote a few lines on the paper.Then, she folded the piece of paper into a paper airplane, took out her wand, and waved it vigorously, and the paper airplane obediently flew to the studio, where Jordan was introducing the warriors The situation over there.
   Let's see... After a heated argument, Porter and Digory both rejected the other party's offer of sweeping 11 stars, and instead bought two sweeping 9s, and the remaining For the money, they all bought pet food... That's right, anyway, this money can't be brought to the next round.Let's look at their choice of the first mission - aha, no accident, it's a salamander, anyone in their right mind will choose this first, they don't have to go far, just use magic to light a fire, and wait for the fire Lizards are born automatically. 
   The students at the scene also let out a burst of knowing laughter-indeed, the option of salamander is undoubtedly the benefit of the first choice.However, this benefit was obtained in exchange for the victory in the first round, so it is not too much.
   No.2 is Ilvermorny... They also bought two sweeping 9-stars, and the first one they chose to deal with was the horned camel. However, considering that the horned camel is docile when it is not attacked, maybe this task is not worth it. It is as difficult as imagined.Look at Durmstrang again... two people only bought a sweeping 
   star, they chose o... oh my god! They actually chose Hydra directly!
   Without Jordan continuing to speak, the audience watching the game also let out a burst of exclamation, and these people even included the two Muggles.The Twelve Trials of the hero Hercules are well-known and well-known in the West, and Hydra, the hydra, represents the meaning of this family in Western heraldry.His ancestors once defeated powerful enemies. As a British politician who still often deals with nobles, heraldry is also a must.
   Uh, although it's not the time to say this, but that thing...you don't seem to have reported it.
    Major looked at Lockhart.
   There is already one in the UK, in the Rannock Swamp in the Scottish Highlands. We don't need to report it.
    Lockhart said with a smile.Major narrowed his eyes:    What you said made my heart jump. How many dangerous animals are there in the UK that we don't know about?
   
   Since you haven't heard of it before, it means we're doing a decent job.
   Lockhart looked around while talking - he had clearly made an appointment with Sirius, but this guy still didn't come over, and he didn't know what the hell he was doing.Regardless of whether Sirius will come or not, the preparatory stage of the competition is gradually coming to an end—the two girls from Beauxbatons chose to buy a sweep of 9 stars, and the rest of the money was spent on pet food.As for the task, Fleur Delacour chose to obtain the unicorn tail hair.
   Unicorns... Beauxbatons has two 'pure' girls who will take advantage of this project. 
    Lee Jordan introduced loudly.The last Waggadu Warrior to appear did not buy a broom, but spent all his money on pet food.And the first task they chose was to deal with the Wicked Bird that also multiplied widely in Africa.Just as the audience was wondering how the two of them were going to get to the temporary habitat of the Witchbird without a broom, Sankara, the warrior attendant, had begun to transform.He turned into an African eagle that is very common in the south of the Sahara, and at the same time, Dembele also turned into a giant mosquito that the audience had already seen, and then flew to the head of the eagleon.
   Ah... It seems that our African warriors don't need a broom...
    Lee Jordan sighed, 
   In this way, they may not be as far behind in the first round as we thought...
   In addition to the broom, each warrior also got a small bag of pet food, the kind that has cast a traceless stretching spell. If they want to defeat the strong with the weak, they have to use the contents inside.Due to the limited time, the warriors set off immediately after receiving the task, and this time they were followed by a new gadget developed by the Experimental Spell Committee of the Ministry of Magic-magic eyeballs that can be tracked remotely.In order to prevent the audience from standing still, while Cedric and Harry went to light the fire, Lee Jordan remembered the audience letter that had just thrown the paper plane.
   Mr. Codoli from Devon believes that except for the salamander (salamander), the other eight magical creatures have real bodies and are obviously different. Therefore, the one who catches the salamander should win directly... oh, that's impossible , if this is really the case, then this competition will become a shady competition...
   As he spoke, he made an exaggerated grimace: he made the people who were watching the game laugh.Afterwards, Jordan picked up the second paper airplane, opened it, and read the words on it.   Mr. Ponnet swears in the letter: When he made a bet on the third round: the warriors will fight side by side with the magical creatures selected in this round oo Very creative idea, unfortunately wrong, I hope when you place your bet Didn't throw too much.   He threw away the second letter casually, and then took out the third paper airplane.
   
   And Hermione Granger from Hogwarts... Ah, it's Miss Know-It-All, let me see... Sure enough, Miss Granger answered correctly!She was the first person who guessed the meaning of the game!She will receive an exquisite gift bottle of specially made beauty potion sponsored by the Association of Extraordinary Pharmacists. It can make a man or woman's skin and mental state adjust to the best, and the effect lasts for 5 hours. It is the best choice for attending the ball! 
   Facing the envious eyes from left and right, Hermione shrugged rather Versailles:   I'm not interested in that stuff, I'm just enjoying reasoning.
   Seeing that Hermione guessed the meaning of this match, Lockhart was not surprised at all, and even took it for granted.
   You two might as well guess it, there is also a prize for guessing right.
    Lockhart joked to the Prime Minister.
   Really?
    Major looked enthusiastic, 
   Then I guessed?
   
   Please tell me.
    Lockhart didn't take him seriously at all.
   Okay, let me take a guess... not too sure what a 'horned camel', a 'rune snake', a 'pentapod' are, but I'm guessing... each of these animals represents a number Bar? asked Major tentatively.Lockhart was very surprised:    How did you guess that?
   Lockhart would not be surprised if the person who guessed was a wizard proficient in runes (ancient runes), such as Hermione.But if the person who guessed was an ordinary wizard, Lockhart would still politely praise the other party for his wit.But Major was a Muggle!Seeing Lockhart's surprised expression, Major knew he had guessed right.He is a little proud:    Ha, look... I read a lot of fantasy literature in school, I know what a Unicorn (Unicre) is, and Uni has the meaning of 
   alone
   .I haven't heard of the 
   Quintaped
    7, but judging from the name 
   Quint (fifth)
   , it should be related to the number five.Plus I know Hydra has nine heads, so...
   He didn't say acromantula because ^Acrmantula,J doesn't haveIt means 
   eight
   .
   So you only understood these three.
    Lockhart understood.I have to say that the Prime Minister is really hitting the right button.Because the invisible beast can be invisible and 
   disappear
   , it represents the number 
   0
    in runes.The unicorn represents 
   steel
   , while the horned llama is considered a 
   2' because of its two giant leaning horns, the three-headed rune snake represents a 
   3', and the witch bird with four feather colors represents a 
   4
    , and the salamander, which can only live for 6 hours after leaving the flame, represents the number 6As for the five-legged monster, acromantula, and hydra, not to mention, they represent 5, 8, and 9 respectively. Only the most magical number 
   7
    has no reference in the runes.So this second game seems to be to deal with magical creatures, but in fact it is just for these warriors to collect 
   wisk characters
   . And the 
   wisk characters
    they collected in this second game will be used in the third game It gives them a huge advantage in the game, and the bigger the number, the better.Because Durmstrang is in Northern Europe, they have a better understanding of the runes that originated in Northern Europe. Krum and the others almost immediately thought of the numbers represented by these magical creatures, so they chose it without hesitation. largest number 9While the venomous Hydra can be a hassle to deal with, the payoff is huge, and considering the broom's travel speed, it's best to travel as little as possible.It's a pity that even Muggles can guess it, but those wizards...Just as he was thinking, Jack Pea's bean vine elevator sent another person to the rooftop.
   You're here.
    Lockhart waved at the person coming, 
   Sirius, this way!
   Chapter 320 Six Maybe You Can TryRegarding this meeting, Sirius obviously didn't take it seriously, or he didn't take it as seriously as Lockhart.Not only was he undressed, he was even dressed in the casual clothes he usually wears when he's running around, his hair was untrimmed, and there were dark circles around his eyes from last night's hangover.
   The game shouldn't have officially started yet, right?
   He yawned and sat down next to Lockhart while talking. As for the two powerful Muggles, he didn't even bother to glance at them.
   It has already started, and the other warriors have already set off.
    Lockhart pointed to the screen in front of him.Only then did Sirius perk up:    Then what are Harry and the others doing? Lighting a fire?
   In the picture, Harry is walking out of the Forbidden Forest with a large bundle of firewood in his arms, and he is walking straight to the lake.Cedric had already dug a simple fire pit by the lake when he went in, and built a circle of stones beside it to form a furnace, and built a small ditch leading to the lake, and used bricks to blocked.As long as the fire is out of control, he can kick the bricks away and let the lake flood the firepit.
   It is everyone's responsibility to use fire safely.
    Lee Jordan commented humorously on this, 
   It seems that only my own family will feel sorry for their own forest.
   Harry threw the firewood into the pit, then raised his wands with CedricBurning flames!Harry shouted.
   Rapid heat up!
    Cedric also shouted.Harry managed to raise the fire, and a bluish-white mist spewed from the tip of Cedric's wand.Although Harry didn't know what the fog was, he could feel an astonishing heat wave blowing on his face. The temperature reminded him of the scene when he went to the steel factory to visit the furnace when he was in primary school. The temples of the glasses were roasted a little hot.
   Stand back, Harry,
    Cedric called. 
   This is Burning Cloud.
   Harry obediently took several steps back, and didn't stop until his sweat could flow instead of being evaporated directly.
   This is the most powerful magic flame I have ever seen.
    He said to CedricCedric smiled modestly: As far as I know,    Vulcan's Split
    and 
   Fiendfire
    are both more powerful than this, but unfortunately I can't use them. 
   The production speed of the sand Roman snake depends on the intensity of the fire and the concentration of magic power contained in it. The two of them work together to light the fire to make it appear and lay eggs as soon as possibleBut it was precisely because of this that they had to do this outside, otherwise if they accidentally lost control, the entire Hogsmeade might be burned by the fire they lit.As the fire rose from the lake, Mrs. Rimington didn't even have to watch the screen broadcast to feel how intense the flames were under the smoke rising in the distance.She glanced worriedly at the Prime Minister's side, only to find that Major's expression was similar to her own.And Prime Minister Major didn't have to deliberately guess, he could tell what she wanted to say just from Mrs. Rimington's expression:Even if these two wizards are not yet of age, they also have the ability to have a bigThe ability to build a fire, and it is also a fire that the fire brigade cannot control in a short time.Mrs. Rimington has already experienced Lockhart's    apparition
   , and knows that wizards have the mobility of large-scale transfer, and if this mobility is coupled with the ability to raise fire out of thin air, it will bring The destructive power of the will not be assessed.She now only hopes that these two 
   warriors
    are among the few outstanding wizards. If every wizard has this ability, it will be too frighteningCedric and Harry knew nothing about the minds of the female Muggle intelligence chief. What they were most concerned about now was how to make this magical flame burn more vigorously, so that the salamanders could be born as soon as possible, so that they could rush to pick them up. next task.After the last game, the Warriors finally knew that the whole game would be 
   live broadcast
   . The Warriors of Waggadu were scolded by the principal for making a fool of themselves in public, so now Harry dare not do any 
   live broadcast
   . Disgraceful
    thing.But staring at the tumbling flames in front of him was boring, and Harry didn't want to just sit there, so he started looking for something to say:   Cedric, I remember that salamanders disappear when they leave the fire, don't you? Hagrid said that.
   
   You remember correctly, what's wrong?
   
   Then why can the salamander's blood last for more than six hours?
   Cedric replied without hesitation:    You must not have listened carefully to Professor Snape's lecture. To preserve the blood of salamanders, you need to use a thick crystal bottle with a special rubber stopper instead of a wooden stopper... hiss
   Seeing Cedric stop suddenly, Harry quickly cast his eyes on the ball of magic fire, but found nothing.
   What's wrong?
    he asked softly.Cedric looked serious:    How could I suddenly forget such a crucial question. Professor Babling clearly said in class that the Salamander (Salamander) was born in ancient times.Numbers are represented in the codeHarry looked a little awkward—he didn't take Ancient Runes as an elective, so he couldn't answer such a topic.It's all Ron's fault. When choosing courses in the second grade, in order to save trouble, he chose some courses that were not very intensive.And Harry didn't know the details of these courses, so he had to choose them with his only strong buddy Ron, but he was cheated a little.The Manghorde is 0, the Unicorn is the Hornhorn, and the Erruni Snake is 3...
    Cedric kept muttering:    No wonder Krum directly chose the Hydra...Hearing what he said, Harry finally understood:    In other words, the bigger the number, the better?
   
   I don't know, but we can be sure of one thing—that is, we need to collect as many numbers as possible. These numbers may be useful in the third game.
    Cedric said nervously.
   Then let's go for the venom of the acromantia next? Besides 9, 8 is the biggest.
    Harry suggested.Cedric shuddered:    Better not, Harry.
   imitate why? 
   
   Only adult giant spiders have venom. The older the spider, the more poisonous its venom, and this venom can only be obtained from its venom glands...
    Cedric had an ugly expression, 
   What's worse Yes, acromanders usually live in groups.
   
   so?
   
   
   
Chapter 155   
   
   
   So that means we have to run into a group of live acromanders, knocks over an adult giant spider in their face, and takes a few minutes from itTake out the venom from the glands, and finally escape from this group of giant spiders... It's impossibleFor some reason, Harry looked a little strange.
   Sounds really hard,
    he echoed, 
   but I think we could give it a try... I mean, if we knew what it's afraid of.
   Chapter 320 VII The Heartless GuyCedric didn't know what Harry had in mind, he was just surprised why a fourth grader dared to challenge the acromantula.But Harry knew why he dared.Because he knew very well that no matter how big the acromantula he had to deal with on the map was, it was Hagrid's pet, the offspring of Aragog.Due to some accidents, he did not go to the acromantula's lair with Ron in the second grade, but after helping Hagrid restore his reputation, Hagrid took him to see the one he raised back then. The pet, that is, the acromantula who was framed by Voldemort as killing Myrtle.Harry still remembered that the acromantula was quite friendly to him at that time, especially after hearing that his group had killed the basilisk, it showed an unusually obvious sense of joy.Later, in exchange for food, secretly get some venom from its descendants and go back to hand in the quest, shouldn't it be a problem?It's just that Harry overlooked one very important thing at this time—that is, the last time he saw Aragog, he went there with Hagrid.After a while, in the magic fire set by the two of them, a salamander finally began to condense into shape.In addition to salamanders, there are also some miscellaneous small magical creatures, such as fire elves, fire ash snakes and the like.Although these little gadgets caused a little trouble for Cedric and Harry, they were all genuine people who had taken classes under Professor Kettleburn or Hagrid, so they quickly solved these little troubles, And successfully controlled the salamander.
   You control it with a binding spell, and I'll take the blood,
    Cedric said.As Cedric spoke, he used a silent spell to cast a 
   fire and water invulnerability
    on himself, and then holding a small knife, he plunged his hand into the fire pit.On the roof of 
   Jack Pea
   , Mrs. Rimington's eyes widened.They actually have a spell that can avoid fire, and judging from the calm reactions of the surrounding drinkers and audience, it is not a very rare magic.Then she thought of something:    Excuse me, those fire tortures in the church in the Middle Ages actually couldn't burn you wizards to death, right? In other words, you were not persecuted?
   ■Before Lockhart could figure out how to answer the question, Sirius on the side had already opened his mouth triumphantly.
   Persecution? Of course not! Just because you Muggles still want to deal with us? The Freeze and Fire Curse has been invented in the 10th century AD, and no wizard will be burned to death, unless it is a poor wizard who is choked by smoke or does not know magic. wizard kids, we...uch!
   Before he could finish his sentence, he was interrupted by a burst of pain. It turned out that Lockhart kicked him hard under the table.Sirius looked at Lockhart puzzled, but was met with an angry look from LockhartLockhart originally thought that Sirius' behavior in the past was already careless enough, but he never thought about it, this guy is completely scheming, commonly known as short-sighted.If he went on, he would expose all the wizard's weaknesses.But it was too late, Mrs Rimington got what she wantedCrappy wizards, and wizard children... In other words, my original idea was correct, not all wizards have similar spellcasting abilities, and unlearned children, like ordinary children, do not have the same ability to cast spells. spellcasting ability.After seeing Mrs. Rimington's reaction, Lockhart suddenly began to feel a little regretful.Doubt that my decision to send Sirius to work in MI[-] was the right decisionWith this mental level, Lockhart would be surprised if he wasn't tricked by 
   Mrs. M
    into revealing the color of his underpants after arriving at MI[-].But when Lockhart began to seriously think about who to replace, he found out sadly that it turned out that it was so difficult for the entire wizarding world to find a suitable politician who could deal with Muggles.This is why Lockhart is not optimistic about wizards-even if technically speaking, wizards do have the hard power to fight against Muggles, but because all the politicians here are not qualified, it is difficult for them Make the right decisions.Especially that idiot Voldemort, if he were to command the war against Muggles, the wizards would definitely lose in the end.Sirius had no sense of causing trouble, and he was still wondering why Lockhart stopped him from demonstrating to protect Muggles.In desperation, Lockhart had no choice but to change the subject, allowing everyone to focus on the game again.After Harry and Cedric successfully retrieved the salamander blood, Beauxbaton's warriors also completed their first mission.In the forest lake of the Forbidden Forest, the girls found the legendary unicornAdult unicorns do not reject women, and after accepting the food and young grass they offered, they obediently let them take a few of their tail hairs, and there was no danger at all during the whole process.But Beauxbaton's alchemy and divination are also very good, so although Furong and the others didn't think of it at first, after they discovered the mystery of numbers, they naturally had to find a way to regain the advantage they lost in the first round .But when they returned to Hogsmeade village on the broom, they found that the number listThe largest numbers on the Internet have already belonged to others.The Hydra was taken away by Durmstrang, and after the Hogwarts people finished 
   6
   , they actually snatched 8Coupled with the 
   2
    that Ilvermorny snatched from the beginning and the 4 that was snatched by Vagadu, the largest number they can deal with is actually the 
   5
    of the five-legged monsterOops, I shouldn't have chosen steel in the first place just to save trouble,
    Furong said angrily.Although it is not very good to do so, she has already begun to pray secretly, hoping that the warriors in other groups will not go too smoothly.
   Let's choose Quintessence,
    Fleur said to Fudge.Seeing that the Warriors already understood the meaning of the game, there was no need for the game organizer to continue to hide it.Lee Jordan announced to the audience the mystery of the game through the radio, that is, the mystery of the number 0 to 9 of the magical creature, and also distributed prizes to those who guessed correctlyOnly then did the audience understand that the warriors had already discovered these things.
   It seems that the Goblet of Fire chose these people as warriors, and it's not without reason.
    Everyone said so.Just 15 minutes after Furong received the task of the five-legged monster, the warriors of Waggadu rushed back.The eagle fell from the sky, and opened its claws by the way, revealing a few feathers of the Witchbird.And the giant mosquito also flew from the eagle's head to the ground, and then transformed into Dembele's appearance.Although the cry of the witch bird can drive creatures crazy, when it is cast with a silent spell, it is no different from ordinary birds in front of the eagle, so that SankaRa got the feathers from it easily.Dembele picked up the feather from the ground and quickly handed it to Fudge.
   We'll take number three, Runegrass,
    he said to Fudge.Like the witch bird, the rune snake is also a well-known magical creature in Africa and a specialty of Burkina Faso.Perhaps the other academies don't know how to deal with it, but the warriors of Waggadu know it all too well.Among the three heads of the rune snake, the head in the middle likes to indulge in fantasy, which can usually be solved by direct hypnosis; although the head on the left is the most intelligent, it is often too lazy to move; only the head on the right is Toughest to deal with, but the warriors of Vagadu have a special solution.Since the first game was overturned, they couldn't get a broom and had to rely on Sankara's Animagus form to travel.But people's physical strength is limited. According to the estimates of the two of them, Sankara can go back and forth to two mission locations at most, and then his physical strength will be exhausted.So from the very beginning, they aimed at the two magical creatures that they were most confident in dealing with—the 
   4
    Witchbird and the 
   3
    Rune-striped Snake.As long as they move fast enough, they can get a guarantee with a sum of 
   7
   , and even when other warriors fail, they can also engage in another task, so as to achieve an overtake in points.By the way, they didn't think that Acromantula and Hydera could be dealt with by anyone, so they didn't think about it from the beginning.Chapter 320: Survival in the WildernessWith the warriors of Ilvermorny finally facing up to the horned beast, the match finally started to look interesting.Although it is said that the Hogwarts warriors took the lead, everyone is very happy, but to be honest, whether it is a fire game, a girl holding a horse, or an eagle catching chickens, it is really not good to watch.What everyone is eager to see is the direct conflict between warriors and beasts, preferably the positive one. After all, everyone pays for tickets to watch, and the ticket price must be earned back.But everyone was not disappointed, because they all knew that the best show was yet to comeThe two warriors of Ilvermorny have not discovered the mystery of numbers until now, but they chose the horned camel that they are relatively familiar with.Although horned camels are native to Europe, they are not uncommon in the United States.At the end of the 18th century, the French landed on the land of New Orleans with a group of black slaves: European and African magic and magical creatures began to multiply and take root in the United States, and the famous wizard Marie Love was born. She also founded VoodooAnd one of the most important magical weapons of Voodoo is the head of the horned camel. Every year, the boy scouts of Ilvermorny go to help the elders of the family to hunt this thing. If the harvest is richer, they will even get a new one. Orleans, South America Bolivia witchcraft market to sell.So the audience who came to watch the game enjoyed a good show—two American students dug the trap, and then rode on a broomstick to provoke the horned camel alternately until it was irritated.The two deliberately led the horned camel to run around on the mountain. After its physical strength was almost exhausted, they led it into the trap that had already been dug.Although it took a lot of time, they finally succeeded.The horned camel's skin is particularly thick, and its anti-magic ability is even stronger than that of the fire dragon. If it confronts it head-on, the two warriors will only die miserably.Seeing that the horned camel had no strength, the American warrior Bout summoned a machete, ready to chop off its head.But at this time, the Ministry of Magic officials who had been secretly following them around appeared-they had to stop Bout's actions and told them that the horned llama was borrowed from Newt Scamant, Can not be killed casually.Only then did the two cut off half of its horns, then climbed onto the broomstick and started the return journey.And when they started their return journey, the warriors of Durmstrang also reached the entrance of the Scottish Highlands, the Ranotches Swamp.If anyone has watched Pei Ye's    Survival in the Wild
    series, he should still remember some descriptions of this swamp.In November, the Scottish Highlands are wet and cold, and the Ranoch Swamp is the most unsuitable season of the year for people to travel.Seeing Krum wading in the mud with one foot deep and one foot shallow, and walking step by step towards the place where the screaming sound came from in the distance, the hearts of the audience couldn't help but tugged.His attendants sat on the sweeping 0 star they bought, and they flew very high.It's just that when she asked Krum to ride on the broom several times, he refused because he said 
   to distract Hydra's attention
   Also, if Krum got stuck in the swamp herself, she'd have to rush over there and pull him out.Unlike Christopherson, who was born in Northern Europe, Krum was born in warm Bulgaria. This kind of weather is a big test for him, but he is fearlessAfter the first game, his family sent him a letter with an owl, saying that since he was selected as a warrior, his commercial value has increased a lot, and his agent He also negotiated two new big contracts for him, and both of these new contracts require Klum to maintain his 
   iron-blooded tough guy
    image to help them brand their products.So even Krum himself didn't feel very good, but in the case of the whole live broadcast, he had to put on a look of 
   I'm a pure man, so I'm not afraid of the wind and cold
   It's just that he has decided in his heart that when the game is over, his first thing is to return to the boat and ask Karkaroff to prepare himself a cheese fondue. He wants to eat all the lost calories.While walking in muddy water is unpleasant, Krum is not without rewardHe bent down to grab a handful of muddy water, then rubbed it carefully in his hands for a while.Durmstrang's education has helped him a lot—in a place where it's always winter, almost everyone has to learn how to distinguish between various types of permafrost.It didn't take long for Krum to identify the muddy water—it was peat soilHe was still a little worried about how to deal with the Hydra, but now he has some clues.He stopped his steps towards Hydra and gestured to the sky.Seeing him greet her, the woman thought he had finally changed his mind, and immediately flew down happily, and then vacated the seat behind her.
   No, I don't ride a broom, Ig.
    Krum said helplessly, 
   I want you to go to that forest... Can you see that, it's the pine forest in the distance.
   HeartOf course Kristofferson could see it, and because she was flying, she saw it before Krum.
   Gather as many pine needles as possible,
    Krum said. 
   I'll peel some birch bark.
   
   Huh?
    The female man was unusually puzzled, 
   What are you doing? Anthelmintics? Does that work for Hydera?
   Krum picked up the lump of muddy water on the ground and held it up to Christopherson:    Look...it's peat soil.
   
   Uh...
    The female man also recognized it, but she didn't know what Krum meant.
   Just bake the dirt and it's ready to burn,
    Krum said.Just as Krum revealed the answer, the narrator Lee Jordan wailed exaggeratedly.5 The warriors of Durmstrang have discovered our secret! 
   His voice is so deliberate, it sounds like he's already prepared.
   What secret?
    Ms. Gooch pretended to be curious.
   The secret of our fire whiskey.
    Lee Jordan replied solemnly,
   The soil in Krum's hands is not simple. It is the peat soil unique to the Scottish Highland swamp. It is rich in turpentine and birch tree fiber. When used to roast malt, it will produce a special smoky taste. This is why we
    Ogden Fire Whiskey' base has remained unchanged for hundreds of years, and only such a special peat soil can produce such a good wine... Ogden aged Fire Whiskey is the best choice for you to gift your relatives and have a drink with your friends! 
   The audience was a little confused by Lee Jordan's surprise at first, until nowIt was only after they heard it that he was advertising again.
   
   
Chapter 156   
   
   This advertisement was thought up by the Ogden family long ago. Lee Jordan was still thinking about how to add this advertisement into it naturally and logically when commenting on the game, and Krum's active cooperation undoubtedly provided him with One of the best opportunities.As for the shamelessness... Li Qiaodan no longer has any turmoil in his heart when he reads the advertisement again.It's like a salesperson who is just practicing shouting for customers on the field. After two or three times, you will get used to it.
   I didn't expect the commercialization of the wizarding world to be quite good... It seems that the advertising fee should be able to recover the cost.
    Major said to Lockhart.
   Hmph...
    Lockhart sneered meaningfully twice.He knew that the prime minister was trying to test the population of the wizarding world. After all, according to what Lockhart said earlier, the 
   Hogsmeade Regional Council
   , the population of the wizarding world is only about 1 people. The prime minister probably doesn't believe 1 people. Such economies of scale can be supported.Muggles don't know that wizards have an extremely low Engel coefficient (food as a proportion of total expenditure), so the economic model they use to infer wizards must be wrong.Because of Sirius' cheating, Lockhart thought that the wizards could show a little strength in this regard to make up for his own mistakes.It would be better if they thought wizards could conjure food out of thin air
   Dobby!
    he called to his feet, and we served some French dishes, the kind that were served to the guests at Hogwarts last time. 
   
   Okay, master!
   With a bang in the air, a colorful 
   tuanzi
    appeared in front of the guests out of thin air.This 
   dumpling
    is, of course, Dobby the house-elf.This guy has extremely poor aesthetic taste, and he is actually a 
   moonlight clan
   .As soon as the money arrived, he immediately exchanged all his wages for hats of various colors, clothes, and most importantly, socks.That's all for buying clothes, but the clothes it likes are those bright colors that Lockhart thinks are particularly vulgar.But there is no way, as a free house elf, this is out-and-out 
   negative freedom
   , Lockhart has no right to interfere, as long as it works without problems, Lockhart has no reason to interfere with it dress up.Dobby made a comical appearance in front of the two Muggle political leaders and managed to scare them.At this moment, Lockhart could understand that some pure-blood wizards like to play tricks on Muggles, because it was so cool.Chapter 320 IX Nothing Is Impossible To CompleteAs the host, Lockhart treated the two Muggle dignitaries to a sumptuous lunch, which is not to say that he was not enthusiastic.It's just that Mrs. Rimington ate a little absent-mindedly, even if Dobby's skills improved greatly after studying in the Hogwarts kitchen.Because Lockhart once again disrupted the two's assessment of the wizarding world.In addition to wizards, they can actually drive intelligent magical creatures such as the 
   Elf in the Tomb
    to carry out production activities, which means that they can no longer use the pure population of wizards to calculate the combat capabilities of wizards.Prime Minister Major ate very happily, because he never thought about going to war with wizards.MI[-] is different - as the country's intelligence agency, they must make plans for all possible situations, even if the probability of occurrence is small.For example, Argentina refused to admit defeat and suddenly decided to fight the Falklands War again; or the United States suddenly asked the United Kingdom to send troops to Iraq to resolve all kinds of dissatisfaction; or Russia suddenly decided to send troops to Ukraine, or even aliens to attack the earth. .Although these things are unlikely to happen, they must make relevant plans in advance. 
   Worrying
    is a kind of ridicule for others, but it is their job for intelligence agencies.How powerful the wizard is, this is a question worth exploring furtherJust as Mrs Rimington was cranky, Game [-] of the Big Five TournamentAnd finally entered the most exciting momentKrum and the others found Hydera's lair, and lured it out of the mud with a lot of food.Then, the two of them took a broomstick while it was out to eat, and threw dried birch bark and pine needles into its nest, and set a fire there.When the Hydra found something was wrong and dropped the food and came back, its lair had already turned into a monstrous sea of ​​flames, and the murderer who set the fire was nowhere to be found.The pine needles and birch bark served only as kindling, and the magical flames of Durmstrang's warriors were no more than a firewood added to it, and the reason why the fire burned so big was mainly because swampy land.Peat soil is rich in all kinds of organic humus and carbon deposits, and when it dries itself, it is the best fuel, so they just need to let the land dry out, and it will burn automatically.Seeing that its lair was destroyed, the Hydra was naturally furious. Unfortunately, Krum and the others jumped on the broomstick immediately after setting the fire, and ran as far as they wanted, without giving it a chance to retaliate .You must know that the blood of this thing is also highly poisonous. When it gets angry, the surrounding air will also be dyed into poisonous mist. Can't even breathe.Especially since this is a Hydra from the Paleozoic Era, the largest one has eyes open on the top of its head, which can be breathtaking, no matter how arrogant Krum is, he doesn't think he can deal with it.Unable to find the instigator, Hydera had to find a way to deal with his lair first, or it would be burned to the ground.It came to a nearby swamp and rolled in mud, then rushed back to the nest and rolled back and forth. After the mud dried up, it shook off the mud and returned to the swamp to roll again Over and over againCome.After spending more than half an hour, Hydera finally put out the fire and kept the overall structure of his lair.And it even got a blessing in disguise—its nest in the crevice of the rock was rolled with a layer of mud and then burned to form a whole block of impermeable carbon bricks.It looks at its new home, although it is exhausted, it is still satisfied—at least it is not a white job.When Hydera went back to the lair to rest, the two of them, Krum and the others, crept back to the scene of the arson without hearing any more movement, and found a few hydra scales from the broken mud everywhere.Anyway, the task only needs scales, and they don't need to fight this thing.Seeing that the two had obtained the mission props, Durmstrang's students finally let out a burst of cheers.Though they are the slowest in completing tasks, they have the strongest things to deal with, so although they travel the farthest and take the longest time, they achieve the most.Relatively speaking, although the five-legged monster that Beauxbaton dealt with was fierce enough, it was still much easier to deal with after all.Fleur boldly used a charm spell on the five-legged monsters, and succeeded in making them think that Fleur was one of their kind.Then, without Furong's hands, they tore off their own hair, and used them to make a nest, and then scrambled to court Furong's love, and even fought with each other.Because of the human face on the back of the five-legged monster, it has been rumored in the wizarding world that it is the result of a blood curse in an ancient wizarding family, and Furong's performance today seems to support it.Proof of this.
   Sadly, in the face of beauty, some people are no better than five-legged monsters.
   Hermione commented while glancing at the men who were booing, and these people even included RoinFu Rong got the five-legged monster's hair easily, but unfortunately she overplayed it accidentally. When she wanted to escape, the five-legged monsters rioted together and chased her together.— One after another, magical rays of light sprayed from the five-legged monster's mouth, and because the broom was carrying two people, it couldn't fly fast at all, and Furong and the others almost overturned the car because of this.If she does accidentally drop the broom and fall into the five-legged monster, then the following live footage will likely only be broadcast in some restricted places.Fortunately, the magizoologists arranged by the Ministry of Magic acted in time: they sprayed hypnotic powder into the air, and finally let the five-legged monsters fall asleep one by one.Fu Rong had no time to thank them too much, so she had to embark on the return journey. Because of time constraints, they might not be able to grab the next task.After finishing observing these two groups of foreign friends, the camera was finally shown on the two Hogwarts warriors.Originally, the habitat of the giant acromantia was not far away, but it took them a lot of time to find the entry point, and they had to be careful of the dense spider webs between the trees in the forest and the peaches.Although setting fire to drive away spiders is a safe choice, as Lee Jordan said, only the family members know what they love about their own things. Neither Cedric nor Harry would set fire in the Forbidden Forest.And the last method they used was a little risky—Cedric transformed a felled tree, and according to Harry's description, turned it into a basilisk.Because he is a person who has personally experienced fighting the basilisk in the Chamber of Secrets, the basilisk conjured by Harry's guidance of Cedric's transfiguration can be said to be vivid    and full of details, even the fishy smell in the mouth and the hiss of the Parseltongue
    out.Harry knew that the most feared natural enemy of the acromantula was the basilisk, and their first reaction when seeing the basilisk would definitely be to run away instead of staying and besieging it.For this reason, Harry also used the 
   sparkling pattern
    magic taught to them by Lockhart, together with the 
   basilisk
    transformed by Cedric, to scare the adult acromantulas.Their strategy was also very successful—the acromantulas didn't dare to stop to identify the authenticity of the basilisk, but they scattered and fled the moment the 
   basilisk
    appeared, lest they escape too slowly. You will be chewed in your mouth by the basilisk and turn into a crunchy chicken-flavored snack.Harry and the others saw the right moment and attacked a single acromantula.Harry used the Impeding Charm, and Cedric used the Stunning Charm, hitting the acromantula together.Its companions didn't dare to help it at all, and they even felt grateful that some of their companions were finally killed by natural enemies-because in this way, after the basilisk was full, it would not come to find itself again.The two Hogwarts warriors took the opportunity to drag the unconscious acromantula into a small bush beside the road, took out a large bottle and put it under its body, cut its gland open, and The venom was collected.Chapter 330 I read a lot, don't try to lie to meSirius was overjoyed to see his godson successfully complete the 
   what
    mission.
   Well done, Harry, now we have 8 and 6.He yelled while patting the table, not paying attention to the other two distinguished guests at the table.But Major didn't care, instead he pointed to Cedric and Harry and asked Lockhart curiously:    Are the two leading warriors us British?
   
   Yes.
   
   Are they proud of it? I mean, how much do they identify with Britain?
   Unlike Mrs. Rimington, Major never concealed himself when asking this kind of question, because he thought that it would make it less likely for people to misunderstand that he had any malicious intentions.Sure enough, Lockhart answered very happily.
   Both warriors are purebloods, but the one with the dark hair and glasses was raised in a Muggle family and received a basic education in a government primary school. As for the other...I believe he identifies with Britain, but The Britain he knows may be different from the two of you,
    he said.Mrs. Rimington interjected curiously:    So, you are very clear about 'our cognition'? 
   Lockhart shook his suit quite self-confidently:    To tell you the truth, my university is in Oxford, majoring in political science.
   Needless to say, both Prime Minister Major and Mrs Rimington were taken aback.
   Oxford? Uh...you have them here too...
    Major couldn't believe it.
   Either we have it, or that Oxford University... Ah, Ms. Rimington, don't bother to find my student file, you will never find it.
    Lockhart said with a determined expression.Hearing what he said, it was not only the two Muggles who felt unbelievable, but even Sirius was surprised.Wizards are not ignorant of Oxford University. Oxford was founded at the end of the 11th century, and then when it received royal patronage, it developed rapidly. Many wizards have also studied at Oxford University.Only when the open-minded Middle Ages ended and Europe entered the dark Renaissance period, Muggles began a three-century anti-witch movement, and Oxford University, one of the study places for wizard scholars, also closed the passage to wizards.For this reason, wizards had to pass and take effect at the end of the 17th century to protect themselves, and wizards have never entered the gate of Oxford University since then.As the sacred 28 of the Black family, there are naturally some ancestors who studied in Oxford, but that was more than 300 years ago, and Lockhart went there to study again at some time, which made Sirius feel puzzled.But Mrs. Major and Mrs. Rimington had a sense of sudden realization—if this wizard had also studied in Oxford, then his understanding of the Muggle world would not be so surprising.
   No wonder...
    Prime Minister Major fully understood, 
   I just said, your wording and your style are so familiar to me, very close to those civil servants, I thought it was mine Illusion, did not expect...
   
   I didn't expect to receive the same kind of education.
    Mrs. Rimington continued the Prime Minister's words.Lockhart smiled and ignored her words.He could even recount quite a few details of life at Oxford if he wanted to, but he wasn't sure that things were the same in this world.With Cedric and Harry returning on broomsticks, the game finally came to an end.If someone told the audience before the game that these dolls under the age of 18 could deal with Hydra and Octanthus and retrieve some parts from them, few people would believe it.But the facts speak louder than words. Although these warriors are young, they do not lack in courage and wisdom when facing powerful enemies. 
   All were solved by several warriors one after another.The Rune Snake is indeed difficult to deal with, but in front of African wizards who are familiar with its habits, it is a kind of luck that it can not die.In fact, even if the wizards don't care about it, the rune snake will not survive to adulthood because the three heads like to attack each other. The warriors of Waggadu easily got it while the three heads were fighting. Egg.So far, the only one of the 9 numbers that has not been obtained is that (C)Because there are two sweeping 9s, and the places where the two tasks are completed are not far from Hogwarts, after Cedric and Harry retrieved the venom of the acromantula, they became the first to return to Hogsmoor. The man of Germany is even faster than the Ilvermorny warrior who only completed 
   2
   .After handing in the task and confirming that they had obtained two numbers, they couldn't help but look at the last number 
   0
    on the task list, which was the invisible beast.It is located on Ben Nevis, the highest mountain in Britain, a little further west than Hogwarts.Both Cedric and Harry hesitated, as they weren't sure if the risk was worth it.The two of them are now holding 8 and 6 in their hands, which is already the largest sum of numbers among the warriors in each group. Even if they don't do this 0, they should be able to complete this round of competition with No.1 results.Even if they accomplished the task, getting a number 
   0
    didn't seem to do them much good.Besides, this 
   0
    is too difficult to catch some-invisible monsters can not only become invisible, but also have certain prophecy abilities, so ordinary people can't catch it at all.To venture to Britain's tallest snow mountain for a small, uncertain profit, and it's still July, is not worth the candle.Seeing the Hogwarts warriors hesitate, the audience felt that it was not a big deal to watch the excitement.They clamored loudly in pubs, theaters and other places, demanding that the two warriors leave immediately.Even Sirius was no exception, he yelled 
   James won't back down here, Harry!
   , and jumped up and down the rooftop like no one else, watching the eyelids of 
   Mrs. M
    follow his The action keeps jumping.If such a person wants to come to work under him, then the future of MI[-] is not very good.The two warriors looked at the time and found that it was only two o'clock in the afternoon. In theory, they still had time to go back and forthI can totally understand if you don't want to go. Cedric said to Harry, 
   But as you can see, all numbers from 1 to 9 have been claimed, leaving only 0.
    
   
   Let's go,
    Harry replied bluntly, 
   I'm going to get my invisibility cloak, we can use it to hide, and then use food to lure the invisible monster...
   Cedric shook his head lightly:    The invisibility cloak cannot block the prophecy of the invisible monster...But now we really have no other good way, we can try
   
   
Chapter 157   
   
   However, the moment they made up their minds, the American Ilvermorni warriors finally rushed back, and they saw the task board in front of Fudge's divination hut at a glance.
   Wait a minute!
    Bout shouted to the two, 
   Excuse me, can you leave this task to us?
   Cedric turned his head back, with some hesitation on his face.
   Sorry, this is a matter of honor to the school,
    he replied.
   Yes, but you are already the first, right?
    The warriors of Ilvermorny tried to negotiate, 
   We do have a way to catch the invisible monster, but you don't seem to guarantee that you will be able to catch it.
   
   But that's better than giving it to you,
    Harry pointed out.
   No, no, no...
    Bout shook his hand again and again, 
   Don't forget, we need to collect all the materials for this divination, and we can only get the 
   complete
    prophecy. If we lose one material, we can only get the 
   incomplete
    one. 'Prophecy. Under the circumstances that you have already guaranteed that you can get the first place, it is in our common interest to entrust this most insignificant task that you cannot guarantee to complete to us.
   Both Cedric and Harry are honest people. Hearing what he said, the two felt that it seemed to be the same.Is it true that Mang Jixingyi can't block the prophecy of the invisible monster? 
   Harry asked again.
   Absolutely not.
    Cedric shrugged. The mangji suit was made of the fur of invisible monsters. 
   As soon as he said that, Harry understood—it was impossible to stop it.
   Then I'll leave it to you, you have two hours,
    he said.The warriors of Ilvermorny were overjoyed and hurriedly took this task away from Fudge.And Fudge didn't care too much about it—because he knew what the third game was, so he naturally knew that the number 0 really didn't mean much to the third game, maybe its only function was to make up the current number [-]. The results of Mangjizo's fortune-telling at the end of the two games
   Of course, Harry and Cedric don't know yet, although ordinary invisibility cloaks can't block the prophecy of the invisible beast, but Harry's one can.Because Harry's invisibility cloak is a 
   Deathly Hallows
   , although it may not be made by the rumored god of death, its magical ability is indeed extremely powerful.Although it can't block the sound, and it can't block Moody's blue magic eye that I don't know how to get, but it is unique in blocking the prying of fate such as divination.In fact, when Harry said that he wanted to take the Invisibility Cloak just now, Dumbledore was actually ready to stand up and stop him, because he didn't want to expose the existence of the Deathly Hallows because of such a small game.The warriors of Ilvermorny dared to accept this task, and they naturally had their confidence. The ancestors of the Boot family were the founders of the 
   Cat and Leopard Academy
    in Ilvermorny, and Boot also brought his own magic weapon- --Piece added by cat leopard's eyeball after deathArtifacts from work.With this thing, he is sure that he can find the hiding place of the invisible monster.Chapter 330 Negotiations EndAt five o'clock in the afternoon, the warriors of Ilvermorny finally returned to Hogsmeade.Considering the long duration of the competition, the organizer had to leave a rest period for the spectators and tourists, and this period of time was just for Hogsmeade to sell some things, such as drinks and lunch.But for Lockhart and his distinguished guests, these final hours were a time for bargaining.Sometimes 
   confiding to the other party
    is not a bad choice in negotiation. After both parties understand each other's needs, the speed of negotiation can be greatly accelerated.But the premise is that both parties have a minimum level of trust.Lockhart claimed that although he graduated from Oxford University, it is not fake, but it should be said that he has never been to Oxford in this world. He mentioned this just to show that he can understand the way of thinking of the prime minister, and he also hopes that they can treat civil servants with the same attitude. treat yourself.Of course, the prime minister would not fail to understand the implication. He finally straightened his mind and started negotiating with Lockhart with a more normal attitude.First of all, the government must gain some control over wizards in order to be completely relieved of the wizarding world, which is a certainty;Generally speaking, the methods used by the government to control citizens are nothing more than violent intimidation, control of income channels, and instilling common ideas.But none of these three have any effect on wizards.Thanks to Lockhart's misleading, both Major and Mrs. Rimington thought that wizards could conjure food out of thin air, and the pea yellow dessert made with the fruit of 
   Jack Pea
    seemed to prove this point.Since wizards cannot be controlled from food, if wizards want to hide theirIn other words, the government also needs to spend a lot of money to find wizards, and there is a high probability that they will not be able to catch them, so violence is difficult to work.As for the common ideas... Not to mention the huge differences in life and common sense between the two sides, didn't Muggles persecute wizards because of religion?As long as the state religion in England is still the Protestant Anglican Church, I am afraid that wizards will not regard Muggles as their own.So at present, the Prime Minister feels that the only thing he can control is the income of wizards.
   Whether it is oil or pharmaceutical trade, as long as it passes through our hands, it must be taxed. This is our bottom line.
    Major declared with a straight face.Originally, he was still thinking about how to educate or fool the wizards so that they understand the importance of paying taxes.But since Lockhart graduated from Oxford, it is impossible for him to understand the meaning.Lockhart knew that this step was inevitable, but he still had to bargain:    But the registration place of the Sniff Drilling Company is the Cayman Islands, and the Extraordinary Pharmacy is the Virgin Islands.
   In this case, it will be difficult for me to fight for parliamentary authority for you. In the British Empire, rights and obligations are always equal.
    Major insisted, 
   Don't you want to say that your oil company did not take advantage of the government in the process of making profits?
    Departmental resources, right?
   Lockhart still didn't see rabbits and didn't spread eagles:    
   This kind of 
   occupation of resources
    is better than 
   passive acceptance
   , and our activities will only bring benefits to London's trading center. 
   Of course, this level of stubbornness was not enough to make the Prime Minister give up. He immediately brought up the loopholes in Lockhart's words and pointed out the biggest loophole in the 
   normalization of wizards
   .
   Then why do you still insist on forming a parliament? Don't forget, you haven't even registered your household registration,
    he said.If paying taxes isn't unacceptable to wizards, the election of the House of Commonshousehold registration is a complete dead endIt is impossible for the Ministry of Magic to hand over all the names and places of origin of the wizards to the Muggle government, even if the Muggle government declares it to be confidential.But if it doesn't pay, it will be difficult for the government to reassure the wizards, and Major has no way to explain to other citizens and opposition parties why a Hogsmeade village that has never been heard of has two large companies registered overseas, and There are still 1 voters, all of whom support the Conservative Party.
   Let's forge a household registration file.
    Lockhart suggested without blushing and heartbeat:    Anyway, we keep it ourselves, and the government only needs to claim that there is a backup.Of course it was impossible for Major to agree to this absurd request. After the two had been arguing for a long time, Lockhart finally decided to hand over 20 or so 
   guarantors
    and hand over their files to the Muggle government for sealing. problems, the government can hold them accountable.These 20 people were planned by Lockhart a long time ago - 15 of them are members of the Lions, and most of them are members of the Order of the Phoenix, and the other five are from the 
   Golden Hand
    family, especially Lucius. Malfoy, he said that he would very much like to find a chance to see Her Majesty the Queen.Lockhart had to make it happen before the Dark Mark on his arm became more apparent.As for taxes, Lockhart really had no choice.Because the trading center and customs in London have their transaction records and delivery records, and chain pharmacies also have purchase records, so they have no way to escape this part of the 
   UK value-added tax (VAT)
    even if they want to.The only thing Lockhart could fight for was Major's preferential policies for Hogsmeade. Although the Prime Minister didn't make any guarantees about it, fortunately there were interests involved, and Lockhart believed that he would do it with all his heart.As for security, Lockhart sold Sirius out of the blue.Spellgreen helped us train an agent—yes, the idiot. 
   He kicked Sirius out as he spoke, 
   Please assign him the most dangerous mission. 
   Although he hesitated for a while, after thinking about it carefully, Lockhart realized that there was not much information that Sirius could reveal to the Muggles.Of course, 
   Mrs. M
    will definitely extract as much information from Sirius as possible when training Sirius, and will also use the 
   repeated mention
    method to judge whether Sirius is telling the truth, but Lockhart don't care.Because it has only been a year since Sirius came out of Azkaban, and he was still working as a dog here in Hogsmeade for less than half of the time. The current economy and politics of the wizarding world have a relatively comprehensive understanding. Even if information can be revealed, it should be the kind that is scratched and scratched.The Aurors also have some shares in the oil company. If Sirius can't complete a task, he can use money to find them to do some private work, which should be okay.After reaching the two key agreements of political and security cooperation, such as the acquisition of the CityLink courier company, providing medical and nursing services to the royal family, and helping to contact Irish wizards to influence local policies and other 
   little things
   , the two parties did not bargain any more. Just discuss it directly and let the commissioner do it.The first more formal political meeting between wizards and Muggles came to an end in such a relatively harmonious atmosphere.Because Fudge was still flatteringly being his 
   divinator
   , so Lockhart did not tell him about the agreement with the Muggle Prime Minister, lest Minister Fudge, who is busy with everything, need to worry about such trivial matters .Chapter 330 Settlement of Chapter 2Under Fudge's 
   one-force auspices
   , the warriors made the final settlement.Ilvermorny, who got the second place in the last round, fell from No.2 in the first round to the fifth place now due to poor runes, and only scored 2+0 points in total;After taming the unicorn, Beauxbaton managed to get the red hair of the five-legged monster again, and scored 1+5 points, ranking fourth, the same as at the end of the previous round.Although Waggadu performed poorly in the last round, they scored 3+4 points and jumped to the third position by virtue of their excellent ability to deform the human body;Durmstrang rose one place from the third place in the previous round. In this round, he had an intellectual contest with Hydra and scored a full 9 points;As the host, Hogwarts still won a big victory, they scored 8+6 points, and their first position is still unshakable.After getting the materials handed in by the warriors, Fudge started his own 
   divination
   
   Ah, warriors, your plea has been rewarded by fate—the holiness of unicorn hair tells me that the opponent you face is evil.
   Several warriors were noncommittal about this—if the 
   plot
    is followed, the existence that can attract so many demons and ghosts to the small village must not be a kind person, and they can guess this without even divination.It can be seen that in this trial, the hair of the unicorn is really not very important.In divination, the number 1 also represents the meaning of 
   beginning
   . The only function of this material is to lead the warriors to start their adventures.The 2 represented by the horned camel represents tranquility and intuition.
   The horned camel powder tells me that the peace of these souls is disturbed, andThe things that disturb them come from thereWith that deliberately pretentious and unpredictable tone, Fudge pointed to the distance.All the warriors looked in the direction he pointed, and found that the direction he pointed was actually the castle of Hogwarts.Come on, it looks like we're going to attack Hogwarts. ’ the warriors of Ilvermorny joked.
   In other words, the third game is at Hogwarts?
    Harry asked sensitivelyThis didn't feel very good to him, because he always regarded Hogwarts as his home, even if he knew he was acting, he didn't want it to be said to be a place of evil.
   No, no, no...
    Fudge hurriedly corrected him:    The position of the third game should be in the middle...I mean, the third adventure of the warriors will start on the journey to the castle, and the fourth adventure will be in the middle.
    Outside the castle, the fifth adventure will enter the castle.
   After hearing what he said, the people from the Sports Department of the Ministry of Magic covered their faces in pain.Minister, you spoiled it!The reason why everyone uses this method to unfold the adventure journey one by one 
   chapter
    is not just to learn the routine of serial novels in newspapers - breaking chapters■String five games into one story, and at the same time leave a suspense or foreshadowing at the end of the previous story, so as to arouse the interest of the audience so that they can continue to watch the next game. This is what everyone has discussed. It turned out that Fudge's big mouth actually directly stated the positions of the next three games. This is purely to increase the difficulty of everyone's work.No way, who made him the minister.After Fudge finished speaking, he also knew that he had made a slip of the tongue, and hurriedly continued divination in an attempt to change the subject
   Next came the eggshell of the rune snake...it told me that the evilThe author was originally a noble and charming person.The feather of the Witchbird revealed to me a secret, that is to be careful of the betrayal from behind the warrior. 
   When he said this, Fudge paused, and smiled with satisfaction seeing the puzzled expressions on the faces of the warriors, and then threw a big bomb.
   —As for the five-legged monster's hair, it told me that in the next adventure, a fierce conflict will break out between you warriors!
   As soon as these words came out, the warriors scanned their surroundings almost instinctively, and vigilantly distanced themselves from the people from the other schools.
   Could it be a duel? We're not afraid,
    Harry whispered to Cedric.Cedric nodded silently—as the duel champions of Hogwarts senior and junior groups, even if warriors from other schools are also proficient in this skill, they are not afraid.Also buzzing are the spectators watching the game -- if they can see the Warriors duel in Game [-], then it's definitely worth the price of admission.Seeing that his words aroused everyone's 
   enthusiastic response
   , Fudge was very satisfied with the effect of his words. At this moment, he even forgot that the author of this 
   script killing
    was not him, but Lockhart.He no longer kept secrets, but revealed all the remaining 
   divination results
   .
   The blood of the salamander tells me that after you have experienced friction with each other, you need to cooperate to fight against the powerful enemy in the adventure; the reaction of the acromantula venom shows that you are very likely to encounter it in future adventures. The test of 
   morality
   ; as for the scales of the hydra - you must have a very firm will in order to have the final victory over the powerful enemy. 
   He finished the results of these divinations in one breath, and then waited for the warriors to continue asking questions.he question.
   Wait...then?
    asked the Ilvermorny champion in confusion. 
   What does the invisible monster's fur represent?
   If he didn't remind him, maybe Fudge would really forget about it, but he wouldn't show it.
   As for the secret represented by 9', it involves whether your adventure will defeat the 
   true evil
    or the 
   superficial devil
    but since you have brought it, you might as well tell you that it is invisible The strange fur said that the instigator of the disaster in Hogsmeade is actually someone else, and you need to work very hard to collect evidence to find the real culprit behind the scenes.
   
   What, and a hidden ending?
    Harry blurted out.
   Yes, it depends on whether you can catch the invisible monster and collect the evidence behind it...
   While talking, Fudge redistributed the divination materials to the warriors:    Take them well, these things will be useful in the third game. As for what they are for, you will know when the time comes.
   The warriors looked at each other with the things in their hands, but in the end they shrugged in unison and walked towards the castle together.In order to obtain these task materials, they hadn't eaten anything after breakfast, and they had a lot of activities in the day, so they were already hungry.After the negotiation, Lockhart also sent away two distinguished Muggle guests, and made an appointment to establish the Hogsmeade Wizards Council early next year.While eating, Cedric took an opportunity and told Harry, 
   We'll go to the Dueling Club to practice tomorrow.
   Harry also knew the seriousness of the matter:    Okay.
   Chapter 330 Three TrainingFor Harry, the biggest benefit of being a Hogwarts squire wasn't the limelight, but a reason enough to make all the students ecstatic.
   
   
Chapter 158   
   
   — That is, there is no need to do homework.In order to take care of the warriors in the school and allow him to prepare for the battle with all his strength, the professors canceled the after-school homework for the warriors.And because of the cancellation of the Quidditch match this year, Harry didn't even have to go to the court after class, which meant he had a lot of free time to practice duels.To make a digression, I don’t know if it’s because Harry didn’t do his homework well this year. In the original book, even though Harry studied hard in fifth grade, in the end, he barely made his grades meet the Auror’s study requirements. , that is, took seven 
   owls
   , and only one 9
    in Defense Against the Dark ArtsHowever, considering that he was still 
   fighting
    with Umbridge, learning Occlumency under the hated Snape, and worrying about the Quidditch team, Harry's ability to get 5 can indeed be regarded as 
   exceeding expectations
   . 
   , As for the A in astronomy, it was purely interrupted by unexpected circumstances, so I failed the exam.…Thinking of it this way, Harry might really be a learning genius who was put off by Voldemort.It has to be said that after experiencing many things, people will naturally grow and gain self-confidence.Although the current Harry may be similar to him in that time and space in terms of academic performance, his magic fighting skills are far beyond that. At least in the lower grades, he has no opponents. Neither can Min.In the constant duels, he gradually developed his own fighting style.Because the magic power is not strong, and at the same time, his skill, reaction and insight are far above his peers, so Harry's choice of duel is based on 
   intercepting
   , that is, he wants to do it.The law makes dueling opponents 
   unable to fight out
   If the opponent wants to use a long spell, he will first interrupt it with a short spell; if the opponent uses Transfiguration, he will interfere with the opponent's transformation process; if the opponent summons a magical creature, then Harry can use the targeted spell that he is better at to intercept .For such an excellent junior, Cedric had no secrets at all. When Harry was polishing his dueling style, he gave Harry a lot of fighting experience from the famous Auror for his reference.In addition, Professor Flitwick would drag Cedric and Harry into his office every time after Charms class, point out their deficiencies, and teach them some interesting little spells or duels by the way. Skill.With such resources instilled, Harry Potter's progress speed is naturally very fast.Harry's growth was seen by Sirius, and he was quite gratified.But if you're happy, Sirius has his own problems to deal with now - that is, his own dueling skills are a bit bad.After all, after ten years in Azkaban, his spellcasting ability has not improved compared to when he just graduated, but has become a lot rusty because of it.And this kind of unfamiliarity is not only due to skills, but more importantly, he is not sure whether it is because of the relationship between the dementors that the magic power on his body has also degenerated.In fact, he noticed this when he got his wand again, and during the period of 
   traveling abroad
   , he did not mean to find some solutions.It’s just that the result was not very good—even though he drank the enhancer and went to those alchemy experts when he went to France, everyone agreed that he hadn’t used his magic power for too long, so it was just the result of the degradation of his magic power. It was a miracle for him.
   Magic comes from emotions.
    The famous French alchemist Majory Banks told XiaoSirius explained, 
   You have been in a state of despair for the past ten years, which has gradually made you cold and irritable, and you no longer have any emotions other than regret and resentment, so your magic has also degraded. Personally, I It is suggested that you do not rush to restore the ability to cast spells, it is best to enjoy life for a while and get back the feelings you have lost.JLIt is precisely because of this that Sirius has been playing with kindness in the past few months, trying to get back his original passion.In addition, U said Lockhart, even Harry didn't know about it, they took it for granted that Sirius was just indulging themselves, but underestimated the self-esteem of the young master of the Black family.After Sirius returned from Southeast Asia this time, he felt that he had almost played enough, and it was time to regain his spellcasting ability.So, when Harry couldn't wait to come to Hogsmeade on the weekend, wanting to show his godfather his growth, he found his godfather was holding a wand, looking around nervously in the flower field.
   Sirius, are you...
   
   Don't talk to me now! This guy is too cunning!
   Sirius jumped sideways as he answered loudly.As if answering Harry's question, a flower suddenly opened its mouth wide and bit Sirius, but he avoided it.Harry looked at the scene in front of him, feeling baffled.
   What are you doing, Sirius?
    he couldn't help asking.It seemed to Harry that the wind had just blown the petals and Sirius jumped a few feet like a frightened rabbit.
   Didn't you see?
    Sirius hit back with an obstacle spell, blocking the 
   piranha
    in his eyes, 
   This thing is not a fang sunflower, it will really want you Fate.
   Harry was even more confused.Because in his opinion, Sirius was just like a madman, waving his wand around and casting spells.Seeing Harry's strange expression, Sirius suddenly realized something.
   Damn it, I fell for it again!
   clap clap clap...Beside the flower field, a figure gradually emerged from the air, and applauded for Sirius.
   Beautiful, it only took you 14 minutes to find out today.
   Lockhart held his wand in his hand, and his relaxed look was in stark contrast to Sirius, who was on the verge of a formidable enemy.Only then did Harry understand that it was his godfather who was sparring with Professor Lockhart, but it seemed that his godfather had no power to fight back.
   Why do you suddenly remember to practice dueling?
    He asked curiously.
   I'm going to be a secret agent... You know, you have to practice your skills, or you will be laughed at by Muggles.
    Sirius said.Lockhart interjected:    Actually, there is no need. You will be laughed at by Muggles anyway. Their methods of collecting intelligence and handling crises are not the same as ours.
   Sirius refused:    Then I have to use my fist to wake them up.
   Seeing his harsh words, Lockhart didn't want to expose him. Anyway, it's useless to say more, and a modern military intelligence management system will teach Sirius how to behave.
   Leave that aside...you can't even beat Snape now, let alone me. If a war with Voldemort really breaks out, you will be a burden.
    Lockhart said to Sirius brazenly, 
   Hurry up and find a way Strengthen yourself.
   Unexpectedly, Sirius did not refute, or in other words, he came to Lockhart for exercise precisely because he knew his situation very well.Although he didn't want to admit it, besides Lupine and Dumbledore, the only 
   master
    Sirius knew now was Lockhart.Although he will be ridiculed, in order to protect the safety of his godson, he doesn't care about his own face.People who can even eat mice, what do they care?
   Again!
    he shouted resolutely.Chapter 220 Four Seeds and HooksIn fact, not only Sirius wanted to use Lockhart to regain his feelings, but Lockhart himself also hoped to find several different opponents to strengthen his confrontation ability.After all, according to Snape, the color of the Dark Mark on his arm has gradually deepened, and this time it has deepened more seriously than when Voldemort tried to steal the Sorcerer's Stone three years ago. It can be seen that even if Voldemort has not been resurrected, He also recovered a lot of strengthFor former members of the Order of the Phoenix, if they haven't realized the seriousness of the situation, they are undoubtedly unqualified, so they didn't refuse Lockhart's request for a 
   discussion
   .It's a pity that Snape and Moody usually have too many tasks in class, so it's impossible to have time to play with him often.Lupine, who had been transferred to Africa by him, and was well known as the 
   Animagus who turned into a wolf
   , was unlikely to return to England very often.And Dumbledore is a busy person, besides dealing with school affairs, he is looking for Voldemort's Horcrux, and it is even less likely to accompany Lockhart to practice confrontation.Of course, if you fight against Dumbledore, you will not be able to improve your level, and your strength will even decline due to too many blows to your confidence.So the appearance of Sirius is a good thing for Lockhart. It just so happens that Lockhart also has a headache for this type of quick-moving wizard. It is also good to use him to practice.It's just that what Lockhart himself didn't expect was that his record against Sirius was actually a complete victory.And in front of Harry, Lockhart and Sirius had another duelfainted! ’ cried Sirius, wand raised.However, after the red light of the spell hit 
   Lockhart
   , the spell passed through his body.If it was two or three days ago, Sirius might have stopped in place stupidly, and then looked around for signs of Lockhart, but now no matter how stupid he is, he has been tricked out by Lockhart's strange traps.He quickly jumped to the side, and then activated his own exclusive Occlumency Technique—filling his heart with anger.He can now see that Lockhart's magic damage and attack capabilities are not strong, but it is the kind of difficult type he hates the most.Invisibility, illusion, induction and even hypnosis, those are just the basis of Lockhart's attack, and their function is nothing more than to prevent the enemy from attacking him.But to Sirius' embarrassment, this guy always has a way to find the weakest place in his mind to attack, and it often brings back memories that he least wants to recall.For example, when Mrs. Black hugged Regulus lovingly, and then said that she was very disappointed in Sirius; or when he met his 
   fiancée
    for the first time, and the two fell apart in 3 minutes; There was the first time when my good friend James had a dispute with me because of Lily Evans.And then there's that bad night...He would rather fight hundreds of rounds with a fierce man as powerful as a fire dragon, rather than experience this terrible 
   confrontation
    againBut unfortunately, this is Lockhart's combat style.The traditional dueling style in the wizarding world has always been advocating 
   don't be afraid of a thousand tricks, but be afraid of one trick
   . After a spell has been tempered, a simple and direct spell can often solve most of the problems.But Lockhart is different, he is too 
   flowery
   .As far as Sirius could remember, he had never seen LockhartEven if he was sure that the core of Lockhart's dueling system was Confusion Charms and Legilimency.Alastor Moody admitted that he has never seen this kind of fighting method. Although there are many dark lords who are good at manipulating people's hearts in history, their fighting methods have not been handed down, even if future generations get them Notes are the same.
   This is also a kind of talent.
    Moody said, 
   Even if you teach him some things, if he is not such a person, it will be difficult for him to learn the same fighting methodLockhart is good at acting and reading people's hearts. In addition to magic knowledge, he also has more knowledge of practical psychology than ordinary wizards. This is destined to prevent him from fighting in the same way as others.And from Harry's point of view, this kind of fighting means that his godfather is either fighting around foolishly, or fighting wits with the air, and occasionally changes into a dog, facing a wooden stake. With a violent output, it looks like a lunatic.And in the end, Lockhart almost just strolled around the courtyard to subdue Sirius and hang him up out of thin air.
   How did you do it?
    Sirius asked in disbelief.Before this contest, because of repeated defeats, Sirius had already secretly asked Dumbledore about Occlumency, thinking that he should not fall into such a miserable situation again.But he had already used Occlumency just now, but he still got hit unknowingly. Although closing his brain with anger would make him act recklessly, it was at least Occlumency.Harry was a little curious.It would be great if he could learn this trick too—maybe in the duel field in the future, he can ask Malfoy to perform in public and eat shit.
   It's not difficult.
    Lockhart told them, 
   Mind control is nothing more than two points, that is 
   seed
    and 
   hook
   
   
   'Seed' and 'hook'?
    Harry wondered.
   Uh... this is a name I invented myself.
    Lockhart explained to them, 
   People always have some bad memories that are hard to tell, and everyone wants to forget it, but because it affects people's memories or brains As far as the memory is concerned, the impression produced is deeper than the general memory, and it is easy to be found, so I call it 
   seed
   
   
   And what about 'hooks'?
    ' asked Harry.
   That's easier to understand——
    Lockhart shrugged, 
   After finding the 
   seeds
    in the opponent's brain, bury the marks here, and then 
   hook them
   : connect a line to the superficial consciousness In the    switch
   , so that I can re-hook the 
   seed
    in the opponent's brain through some directional stimulation from the outside world.Although people will instinctively guard against external stimuli and try to close their brains.But those memories that belong to me are often undefended... Do you remember the 
   depressed stare
    I used on Professor Snape?
   Harry touched his brain subconsciously—although he didn't quite understand Lockhart's words, he didn't want to try Legilimency again.
   Is there a way to deal with it?
    He couldn't help asking, 
   If even Occlumency can't solve it?
   
   Yes, you can go to Dumbledore to borrow a pensieve, and temporarily seal up the memories you don't want.
    Lockhart suggested.Harry was a little embarrassed after hearing this, because he didn't intend to tell anyone about some memories, even the headmaster.But Sirius suddenly regained his spirits:    Wait a minute...does the snotty have bad memories too?
   
   of course.
   Sirius was overjoyed:    It's great! I'll treat you to the tavern at noon, this matterYou can talk to me in detail. 
   Lockhart looked strange:    If it's the worst memory, maybe it has something to do with it.
   Chapter 330 I Suggest You Change Your WeaponSirius was also very generous. Although he was tortured by Lockhart, after drinking two glasses at noon, his mood was obviously calm again.While he was still in a good mood, Lockhart casually asked the question he was most concerned about, that is, when Sirius and the others fought against the Death Eaters, which Death Eaters were more difficult?
   Although there is no evidence now, I really need all the information about the Death Eaters. It is best to get all the 'seeds' in advance, which will save me a lot of effort.
    Lockhart hinted.Although the Ministry of Magic has been covering up all the details of Barty Crouch Jr.'s escape, Sirius has heard a little about it.So as a person who experienced Voldemort's chaos, when Lockhart asked questions about the Death Eaters, he almost knew everything.Harry was also listening, and neither Lockhart nor Sirius ruled him out.Sirius snapped his fingers and began to count the people he knew:    There are so many tricky people... That guy Erwin Rozier is definitely the most difficult guy to deal with besides Voldemort. He has strong magic power and has many Dark magic from Grindelwald... but luckily Moody has killed him, as has that mindless Wilkes.
   
   Professor Moody?
    Harry was a little surprised, 
   Is he that strong?
   Sirius smiled:    Apart from Dumbledore, if there is a second person who we members of the Order of the Phoenix will feel at ease when he appears on the scene, it is MoodyOrder of the Phoenix 0 what is that. ' Harry continued to ask curiously.Both Lockhart and Sirius were a little surprised.
   You didn't tell him?
    they asked each other in unison.Harry didn't like it because it made him still feel like a kid.
   Okay, I'll explain in detail later... To put it simply, it is an organization assembled to deal with Death Eaters and Voldemort. Your father and I were there
   
   
Chapter 159   
   
   Harry nodded, showing that he understood something.Seeing Harry was puzzled, Sirius simply explained a few sentences.Of course, there is no need to elaborate on the hundreds of years of conflict between the members of the Lions behind the Order of the Phoenix and the Snakes. As a 
   traitor
    of the Snakes, Sirius himself knows this very well.Apart from Rozier, that guy Dolohov is also a brutal thug, and he doesn't mind getting blood on his hands at all, but he is a little worse than Rozier, and he can be regarded as Voldemort's number one at the moment. thugs.As for the person who planned the military operation for Voldemort was Yaxley, that guy was thoughtful, very cunning, and good at the Imperius Curse...
   At this, Lockhart interrupted him:    So, how do you think Yaxley compares to my level?
   Sirius who was interrupted hesitated for a moment:    I haven't fought against that guy, but it is said that he has strong magic power, but his skills are not very good. He is used in the case of controlling the victim or sneak attack. curse.
   
   Okay, you continue.
    Lockhart was thoughtful.If Rowling is not mistaken, then Yaxley was later ordered by Voldemort to kidnap Slughorn alone, and Slughorn, as the person who told Voldemort the 
   Horcrux
    method, Voldemort could not He would look down on him too much, which meant that Yaxley's combat level should be at least at the dean level.
   The next thing is Luke Wood, that guy should be Voldemort's political adviser, usually not involved in the battle.
    Sirius continued.
   Political consultant? What about Barty Crouch Jr.?
    Lockhart asked.This time Sirius really shook his head:    In my time, I never heard that the Crouch family was also involved in the Death Eaters.
   Lockhart frowned:    In other words, that guy has been hiding himself behind the scenes, and he has hidden himself very well.
   
   Who knows? It's just a furry kid, don't worry too much about him.
    Sirius didn't think so.Sirius obviously underestimated the enemy, because according to Lockhart's point of view, Crouch Jr. is currently the most dangerous guy among the Death Eaters.And maybe after Rookwood is imprisoned, Crouch Jr. can monopolize Voldemort's 
   political advice
   In addition to these people, Sirius also talked about the werewolf Greyback, his 
   cousin-in-law
    Lestrange, Moore Cyber ​​who is good at the Imperius Curse, and so on.All this information was recorded by Lockhart, and he planned to check the files of these people with the Ministry of Magic if he had time, to see what could be used in his life, so that he could make 
   seeds
    in the future.As for his group of 
   inmates
   , Sirius thought that they might not be able to use normal magic anymore, because with the 
   help
    of the dementors, these people had already only had distorted and negative emotions in their hearts. But if they wanted to use black magic, it would be quick to pick it up again.
   If you use the magic on them that you just used on me, it may backfire.
    This was Sirius' advice to Lockhart.But Lockhart didn't think so. After all, awakening a person's bad memories might not be able to touch the Death Eaters, but as long as it could disturb them, it would be fine.Some people are like this. They often recall a particularly embarrassing experience of their own intentionally or unconsciously, or a period that they didn’t feel at the time, but the more they thought about it afterwards, the more embarrassing they became.past.Sometimes when recalling that embarrassing experience and making gestures of coddling, they don't even notice that there is someone next to them.Lockhart didn't need to completely hypnotize these people, he only needed to disturb them for half a second, which was enough for Lockhart to give them a fatal blow in the gap.It can be said that this is the combat style that Lockhart really established after two years of experimentation, while Sirius, Moody and Snape were the first three experiments.If even Snape couldn't guard against him, then Barty Crouch Jr. couldn't guard against it either.Snape can prevent Voldemort's Legilimency, Master Newt can resist the effect of Veritaserum with his own willpower, but he can't prevent high-level Legilimency, and Barty Jr. I can't bear it.In other words, if I use this trick to deal with Barty Jr., it shouldn't be a big problem.Coupled with the fact that Sirius is good at attacking, Snape is good at volleys with Legilimency as the core, and Moody is better at anti-retaliation. The three opponents with different styles help Lockhart Continue to improve the details of your battle.As for Sirius himself, Lockhart suggested that he continue to walk his own path of 
   melee mage
   .Transfiguration was Sirius' best use so far, but the level of enchantment held him back: and it didn't do a very good job of resisting psychic spells either.But these weaknesses can be made up for by one thing--money.Sirius had money now, and it would only increase in the future.   You can buy a German HK-USP pistol at your own expense, and don't forget to buy bullets.
    Lockhart suggested very sincerely.
   Huh?
    Sirius asked in surprise, 
   You mean, guns?
   
   Yes, you know?
   
   Of course I know, but I don't think that thing will work without a wand,
    Sirius said matter-of-factly.Lockhart didn't force him either:    If you can shoot more than 6 or 7 rounds per secondThe Stunning Curse, then forget that I didn't say it. 
   
   ...Okay, but they refused to sell it to me. They said they wanted a license. Where can I buy it?
   Although Sirius said he didn't care, he still got to the bottom of it accidentally. It seems that he hasn't tried.
   Anywhere,
    Lockhart replied.Before the shooting at Dunblane Primary School in 1996 and led to legislation prohibiting private gun ownership in 97, the UK has always allowed private gun ownership. There will be no refusal, and even those who have committed crimes and previous convictions will not have their licenses revoked. Coupled with the proliferation of private gun workshops, the effectiveness of this law can be said to be ineffective.Even though guns were later banned, Britain still allowed private individuals to keep shotguns for hunting purposes, on the grounds that the shooting speed of shotguns was extremely low and they could only fire two rounds at a time.As long as you can become a member of a hunting club such as the Fox Hunting Club, then he automatically has the right to hold a shotgun. It can be said that it is an additional clause set up by the rich and powerful.However, Sirius is not guilty of using this clause. If he works for MI5, then he can easily legally own some guns.
   
    Do you have that thing too? asked Sirius suspiciously.Lockhart smiled, 
   What do you think?
   
   Ha!
    Sirius yelled exaggeratedly, 
   When I take office in MI[-], can I arrest you?
   Lockhart was unmoved:    That one belongs to the police, not MI[-], and mine is legal.
   
   legitimate?
   
   Yes, there is a loophole in Muggle law - as long as it's a gun made before 1939All guns are considered 
   antiques
    and 
   collectibles
   , not weapons.Lockhart's expression was quite sly. As a former civil servant, he naturally knew how many tricks those with vested interests had to do to survive.This is also a well-known legal loophole in the UK. If you watch British movies, you will find that many pistols hidden in drawers by nobles are old-fashioned, and there are even revolvers that should only appear in museums.This is not because they have any artistic feelings, but because of legal restrictions, they have to do so.Now Sirius understood completely:    But all guns are new to us.
   
   Yes, it's all new.
   While talking, Lockhart casually summoned a handful of gadgets, lit them up and threw them back.aM1911, a 190's semi-auto pistol...I love the British law to death. 
   Chapter 220With Sirius and Moody as his two references, Lockhart can now clearly measure his benchmark of strength.If Moody had been placed more than ten years ago, he would undoubtedly be the strongest wizard other than Voldemort and Dumbledore.He used the missing piece of his nose as a price to fight 
   mistakes
    and killed Voldemort's number one general, Rozier, and he was a ruthless man.It is precisely because of this that in the 
   Battle of the Seven Potters
   , Voldemort believed that Harry was escorted by Moody, because he had never even heard of the rest of them except Lupine, so naturally he would not Put them in your sights.As for Sirius, it is much inferior. No matter how good he is and how many spells he knows, his brain will start to be confused when he enters the fighting state, and the things dissolved in the blood vessels of his brain will change from IQ to adrenaline .It may be a sense of accomplishment to defeat him once or twice, but if you play a lot of Lockhart, you will find that it is actually not difficult.To put it bluntly, even Harry might not necessarily lose to the current Sirius. As long as Sirius's first wave of offensive is prevented, he can be played around in the future.Of course, the premise is to block his first wave of offensive.Everyone has their own fighting style. Sirius obviously belongs to the offensive faction. If you ask him to fight volleys and strikes, that's what will kill him.Therefore, under Lockhart's suggestion, Sirius should go to the training of Muggle special forces, at least learn to snipe and ambush.When he came into close contact with a Death Eater unexpectedly, instead of just jumping up and down to dodge spells and throw punches close to him, he could throw a flashbang to blind the opponent, then quickly empty the pistol magazine, and finally hunkered down. Rush forward and break the enemy's neckIf the enemy is still angry at this time.While that was all well and good, Lockhart sincerely hoped that Harry wouldn't learn dueling techniques from his godfather.If it was just to practice Harry's dueling skills, Lockhart felt that Snape might be a better teacher, because their fighting style is 
   volley
   .Attacking is easy to make the enemy flustered, but the probability of accidentally dying from a flow arrow is also very high; volleying requires too high a person's reaction speed and improvised decision-making ability, and only a genius like Harry is suitable for that fighting style.And Snape's 
   Intercept
    relies more on Legilimency. It can only target in advance on the premise of knowing what spell the enemy will use, but if there are many enemies or the enemy is also very good at Occlumency, Nass Nepe would also be very uncomfortable, which Lockhart has proved with his own actions.And wizards like Lockhart himself, Cedric, and Alastor Moody, who have barely escaped the level of 
   amateur duel enthusiasts
   , are basically 
   poor
    fighters, but they don't know about Lupine's battle. What exactly is style.But soon he'll have a chance to find out.The time came to December, and seeing that Christmas was getting closer and Lupine would come back from Africa for the holidays, Lockhart wanted to take this rare opportunity to invite all capable people in the Order of the Phoenix to fight. one game.Of course, in the name of 
   negotiating Hogwarts security
   In addition to Lupine and Black, the people he invited included Snape, Weasley Moody, and Shacklebolt. By the way, he also invited Dumbledore, Professor McGonagall, and Dean Flitwick.After learning the list of people he invited this time, Snape immediately said that he had something to do that day, so he should not be able to come.In fact, Lockhart also knows that there is a high probability that he will not come, but whether he comes or not is a matter of timeWhether you invite or not is another matter, so I still sent out the invitation.Sirius was very satisfied with Snape's 
   fleeing
   .
   
   The snotlite is scared. ' he said to Lockhart, 'he knew I was going to beat him up and make a fool of himself. 
   Lockhart was noncommittal about Sirius' unfounded confidence.When he was in school, Snape was indeed often bullied by two of the four robbers. At that time, even Snape might not be able to beat them alone, let alone deal with several of them at the same time.But after all these years, what is the level of Sirius? Doesn't he know it himself?Whether his spellcasting level is better than his own when he just graduated, I'm afraid he will murmur.And Snape's level is definitely not what it used to be, not only learned a lot of black magic from Voldemort, but also the perfect potion library established during the years of teaching at Hogwarts. The two of them duel, I'm afraid Sirius won't be able to lift his head up in three years.Snape was not so much afraid of Sirius as he was a little ashamed of MuSnape's absence was no surprise, but Lockhart was surprised that another person whom Lockhart hadn't expected to come had agreed to come.That man is Headmaster Dumbledore.After hearing Lockhart's plan, Dumbledore decided to suspend the search for the Horcrux and come to 
   talk
    with these former members of the Order of the Phoenix in person.
   What is Dumbledore's fighting style?
    Lockhart couldn't help asking Moody.Moody's magic eyes kept rolling:    You don't have to think about this problem, Dumbledore can't use any 
   style
    against us... Besides, it's best not to use your invisibility spell in front of him, Deng Bullido's perception of magic power is stronger than me with magic eyes. 
   Lockhart thought he was right, so he gave up the preparation for invisibility.But in this way, he found that he didn't know how to deal with Dumbledore.It seems... Can't deal with it no matter what?Damn, I wanted to pretend at first.But, before Lockhart could contemplate how to lose respectably to Dumbledore: something else caught up with him first.Just one morning on the weekend, a man came outside the Shrieking Shack.Originally, after hearing the female voice, Lockhart instinctively thought that Gemma had come to ask him for    classes
    again, so he opened the door still wearing only warm and comfortable cotton pajamas.But who would have thought that the person outside the door would be Fleur Delacour.Lockhart silently made an apologetic gesture, and then spent 20 seconds using magic to perform a one-click change before opening the door again.Although Beauxbaton's visit surprised Lockhart, what surprised him even more was that Fleur had come to find her own purpose—she wanted to invite Gilderoy Lockhart to be her dance partner at the Christmas ball.It was only then that Lockhart remembered that the flower arrangement arranged for the Big Five Tournament, that is, the Christmas Ball, was actually related to him.Chapter 330: Sharing Professor ResourcesFaced with the invitation of the number one beauty in the    HP
    series, if Lockhart said he was completely dissatisfied, he would be lying.
   Invite me?
    Lockhart repeated, 
   Why? I thought that a beautiful lady like you should have no shortage of dancing partners.
   
   There is always a shortage of good dance partners.
    Fu Rong said.She deliberately emphasized the word 
   good
    so that Lockhart could understand her meaning, which was hard to come by given her current level of English.Lockhart would not refuse directly without emotional intelligence. Even if he refused others, he would usually show the other party enough dignity.
   It's a pity,
    he said in French, 
   if you had come earlier, I'm not as confident and charming as you are, thinking I'd be sure to find a partner, so I had to ask my friends for help early on, Fill me with face.
   
   You already have an appointment?
    Fu Rong's disappointment was beyond words, 
   I thought I was the first one.
   Then, she seemed to think of something again, and there was a hint of hope in her tone:    So, is it possible that she couldn't come to the Christmas ball because of some accident?
   
   Not likely.
    A voice came from behind her.Without Lockhart saying it, Gemma Farley had already answered the rest for him.The village of Hogsmeade is really not that big. When Fleur was still outside the village, Gemma knew from an owl that Fleur was coming to the Shrieking Shack and invited Lockhart to the ball .It was Slytherin's junior who told her this information in advance.As the former Slytherin prefect and Hogwarts female student head, Gemma evenEven after leaving Hogwarts, there are still her dear children there. Even though the Farley family is indeed not as rich as the Malfoy family, she is much smarter than little DracoUnlike the brunette witch with messy hair and chipmunk teeth who looked harmless, this French chick with Veela blood was the real enemy.Although Emma Watson supported the appearance of 
   Hermione
    in the 
   HP
    series of movies, according to the text described by Rowling, Hermione is really not the pinnacle of appearance in the series of novels , is not even considered outstanding until she is not dressed up, she is considered a beauty after her teeth are straightened and well groomed, but that is all.Considering that Snape, who has a hooked nose, greasy hair, and extraordinarily expressive expressions in the novel, was actually turned into a 
   Twilight
   -style high-cold male god by movie actors, I can only talk about the movie. In fact, it can only be said to be for reference only.But Fleur Delacour, no matter from which point of view, should be regarded as the pinnacle of beauty in the novel, even far surpassing Harry's wife Ginny Weasley, even if it is Transformation Magus or drinking No one who took Polyjuice Potion could replicate her unique aura.
   
   
Chapter 160   
   
   Harry is also worthy of being a good-looking dog. The only criterion for picking a girlfriend is 
   pretty and cute
   . After seeing Fleur, his heart was still fluttering, and Ron was even more unbearable.From this, it can be imagined that Fleur Delacour's ability to crush all male creatures, even if Gemma is equally arrogant, must admit that this French woman is an out-and-out strong enemy, and it can even be said 
   Public Enemy of Women
   
   Gidero is very busy, I'm afraid we won't be able to stay at the ball for long.
    Gemma declared her sovereignty with a domineering look, 
   Hogsmeade will hold a lantern festival this year, and the Sniff Drilling Company's shareholder meeting It will also be held before the New Year...Of course, as a guest, if you want to participate, I will remind the butler to send you an invitation.
   Seeing her like this, how could Fu Rong not know that the Lord is here?But she ignored Gemma and looked at Lockhart instead.Lockhart nodded politely, then shook his head in Gemma's direction, signaling that she was telling the truth.
   As far as I know, Roger Davies, the prefect of our Ravenclaw house, should not have a dancing partner yet.
    He found Fleur a step down.Fu Rong didn't say much anymore, but left after thanking her.She is also a very proud mixed veela, she is not willing to humiliate herself.Although Lockhart is the best prey she can see so far, Veela's survival principle is to flee immediately after the 
   hunt
    fails, so as not to be stewed into a pot of black chicken soup by the furious tigress, so although Furong is depressed , but it didn't show much on the surface.Fleur's arrival and Lockhart's refusal are not the end, but just a preludeBecause of the prom, in the next few days, there will be an endless stream of women who will invite Lockhart to be a dance partner. Even though Lockhart has clearly stated that 
   this matter can be closed
   , there are still people who are not afraid of Gemma's threats. The people behind her went on and on, which made her very annoyed.
   They're all Gryffindor girls.
    The eldest lady of the Farley family complained impatiently, 
   They're the only ones who pick flowers in other people's gardens every day, and don't know how to water their own vegetable fields.
   Lockhart knew that the reason why she said this was completely out of prejudice, because not only Gryffindor, not even Hogwarts, but even girls from other schools had come to Lockhart.After all, he is an internationally renowned wizard!Lockhart thought rather complacently.
   They invited me just to make themselves face, don't be too disgustingExcited. advised Lockhart. 
   Funga Wizards has sponsored gowns for warriors, and we need to get everyone excited about going to the ball.
    
   
   But there are obviously a lot of bulls in heat in the school.
   Although Gemma still made a sarcasm, she didn't continue nagging, after all, she also knew the nature of the dance.Although the Five Powers Tournament has become a commercial competition under Lockhart's operation, for the five magic schools themselves, this is an out-and-out large-scale networking event, plus a large-scale joint enrollment publicity event .According to Lockhart's knowledge, Dumbledore has even proposed with the principals of several other schools to conduct a 
   joint examination of all schools
   , on the premise of mutual recognition of each other's academic qualifications, to carry out the flow of wizard students between senior grades.Although the Big Five Tournament only took place twice, the differences in teaching between the schools were gradually revealed.And each has its strengths.It's embarrassing to say that although Hogwarts is known as the best school of magic in the world, except for Transfiguration, there are not many other subjects that are good.Herbalism is stronger than Castroshe, alchemy and divination are far inferior to Beauxbatons, black magic is inferior to Durmstrang and Ilvermorny, and even potions and magical biology are only It can be said to be 
   distinctive
   , but not the strongest.Although astronomy is not satisfactory, Hogwarts is undoubtedly inferior to traditional European and South American strong schools.Dumbledore believed that if some students did have enough talent in a subject, but he himself had to stay in the country of his birth to receive a mediocre education because of his nationality, then it would undoubtedly be a crime for educators like them.Several other school spokespersons agreed.The so-called 
   strength
    of a school, in the final analysis, actually lies in the professors, that is, the strength of the faculty.A bad school is bad in a subject because of a good teacherIt is very normal to advance by leaps and bounds in science and technology, and it is very likely that a traditionally advantageous subject will fall from the altar overnight because of a bad professor.Rather than saying that they are exchanging students, it is better to say that they are sharing professor resources. This is by no means a bad thing for wizards who are short on manpower.Because of the empathy, everyone quickly reached a consensus on the issue of academic exchange students, but they still need to teach their own humanities courses such as History of Magic and Muggle Studies, because there are still some differences in ideology after all.If possible, when a Hogwarts student ends his fifth grade in a few years, he can choose to go to another school to study NEWTsTThis Christmas ball is undoubtedly a good opportunity for students from several schools to communicate and enhance mutual understanding.Especially for fourth graders and fifth graders, they may soon be able to enjoy the benefits of studying abroad for the remaining two years of their studies. It is also a good thing to say hello to future classmates in advance and get acquainted with each other.Chapter 330: Lupine ReturnsAlthough everyone knew the significance of this Yule Ball exchange, Lockhart still received a lot of indiscriminate bombardment in the next few days.In order to avoid unnecessary trouble, for example, this matter may affect his political future in the future, Lockhart had to issue a statement, saying that he refused the invitation of the    children
    who were still studying.
   The relationship between students and professors is not equal. A child whose mind is still growing can easily feel admiration and gratitude for the professor who gave him/her educational behavior, and it is easy to get lost in the aura created by idols. , and some even try to get a sense of security from the teacher when their parents are far away and leave their homes. If you let go of the so-called 
   freedom of love
   , then there will definitely be unequal emotional exploitation. This is not love...
   On the Muggle side, the legal concept of prohibiting teacher-student romance has been very mature, but it needs to be re-interpreted on the wizard side.The wizarding world is not only lagging behind in science and engineering, but also lagging behind Muggles a lot in humanities. This is not something that can be solved in the short term.Lockhart was thinking that if he became the Minister of Magic, he would definitely introduce a bill to encourage graduates of magic schools to go to Muggle universities after graduation. A 17-year-old wizard is still far from being 
   usable
   . distance.Or he could set up a student foundation in the name of the Sniffing Drilling Company and the Extraordinary Pharmacy Company, and make donations to Muggle universities?This has to be noted.After Lockhart issued this statement, the professors in Hogwarts also promulgated similar school regulations, which also prohibited students from developing relationships with professors.But to be honest, this problem did not exist in the past, because HogwartsAlthough the professors have their own charms for a long time, it is difficult for the students to develop romantic feelings.But this kind of thing has to be guarded against. In addition to Lockhart, if Hogwarts needs to hire younger professors in the future, then similar things will happen sooner or later. It is also good to promulgate the school regulations in advance.Gemma is relieved - now she can continue to visit the clothing store and order her own dress this year.It's just that not everyone agrees with Lockhart's choice,
    even if he agrees with Lockhart's philosophy.While drinking, Sirius gave his own advice in front of Lockhart:    Although I understand what you mean, I have to say that the girl you're looking at is probably not a good girl, a good girl who really suits you Still in school.
   
   What?
    Lockhart asked back.
   I mean, the young lady of the Farley family is not suitable for you.
    Sirius bluntly said, 
   She is exactly like my mother, arrogant, sophisticated, and self-centered. It can be seen that I know too well what these people think. 
   Lockhart was not impressed by this:    No one is perfect in this world, Sirius, being a good person in most respects is not bad. 
   This is what Sirius can say, and Lockhart knows he doesn't care.If it was anyone else, Lockhart would have suspected that he was up to something.Don't you hear that 
   Sparse and inseparable
   ?Sure enough, Sirius simply felt sorry.
   I just feel that there are better choices in front of you, why do you insist on choosing one that you don't even like? Isn't this tiring? I found out when I was sleeping in the office before, you Every time I face Miss Farley, I'm 
   acting
   . 
   Lockhart almost forgot that 
   Ball
    had been with him for more than half a year, and he was often able to notice his small movements inadvertently.
   Life is like a play, it all depends on acting skills. Anyway, no matter what the relationship is, you need someone to maintain it...Wife also needs coaxing, doesn't it?
   Sirius smiled:    It's two different things... Forget it, I really feel worthless for that girl, and fell in love with such a boring guy like you.
   
   Who?
   
   Hermione, don't tell me you didn't notice.
   Lockhart couldn't help laughing:    If it's only to that extent, then it's not a 
   love
    child always...
   F can be. 
   Sirius said no more.He was born in the Black family known as 
   forever pure
   , but in the end he became a person who betrayed his class out of rebellion and humanity.So Sirius looks down on women like Narcissa who are hypocritical, essentially utilitarian, and cowardly. In his opinion, he will only boast when a person has nothing to boast about. own lineage.Sirius likes children like Hermione. She is similar to his cousin Andromeda Tonks. She is strong in her bones but humble, and the most important thing is her true temperament.But Gemma Farley is the complete opposite. Even he has to admit that this woman is indeed very smart, but her personality is wrong, and the smarter she is, the more she hates her.But now it seems that Lockhart will not consider Hermione for a while, he doesn't even regard her as an object of serious consideration, he can only say that good luck tricks people, Sirius is not good for his godson as his sister People can play with each other casually.A few days later, in order to participate in the Order of the Phoenix's Christmas 
   training camp
   , Lupine also returned home from Nigeria.As the only remaining friend from school, and because he is now an employee of the company he owns shares in, Sirius found a big room in the Three Broomsticks, invited Lupine to dinner, and called Lockhart over by the way.
   Our business is doing well,
    reported Lupine beamingly, 
   but there are many problems.
   
   Of course,
    Lockhart replied. 
   If there weren't enough questions, BP and Shell wouldn't want to give up there.
   Lu Ping looked strange:    Actually, the main problem is caused by those two companies.
   Lockhart was a little surprised:    The people from BP told me that there are more than 100 local militant organizations, large and small, and those black people are lazy and greedy. It seems that all of them are destined to eat foreign companies like them, They often kidnap their employees, steal their oil, and even order them to stop production...they lied to me?
   
   It's not deceiving, but I'm afraid it's a bit inaccurate.
    Lupine sighed, 
   But it's also true. No one likes to reflect on their own mistakes. It's much easier to blame the cause on the outside.
   Don't talk about Lockhart, even Sirius understands:''That is to say, those gangsters are shirking their responsibilities.    Lupine hadn't heard Sirius swear for a long time, and after listening to it, there was a feeling called 
   kindness
    for a while.
   Yes, it was raised by my cousin.
   Lupine actually agreed with him, and it seemed that he also hated what those companies did.Chapter 330 IX Lu Ping's DebriefingIt is said that social experience will make a person grow faster, and Lupine is like this.Unlike Lupine before he came to Hogwarts to teach, after a year of successful teaching and a year and a half of hard work, the current Lupine is obviously more confident when he speaks, and he begins to exude a sense of fame. For the breath of 
   successful people
   .However, it took Lockhart 10 minutes to confirm that he was indeed the same as before, the 
   robber
   In Lupin's description, whether it is BP or Shell, their local actions can be described as 
   difficult to describe
    or 
   too many to write
   .
   ...The people from the Muggle Stone Company don't care about the life and death of the local people at all, and they don't pay attention to protecting the local environment when they exploit oil. The local water and land have been greatly polluted, and soon there will be no crops in the local area. , but the Muggle government collected money from foreigners and did not allow them to make further claims, so most of these resistance organizations were forced out by these oil companies.
   Hearing this, Sirius interjected:    I remember that Muggles have environmental protection organizations? They don't care?
   
   There are indeed appeals from environmental protection organizations.
    Lupine said cautiously, 
   But those 
   non-profit organizations
    called NG by Muggles don't know magic, they can't make food, and naturally they have to eat, so they All I can do is callSirius was shocked:    Then what do they do?
   Lupine said of this:    They would rather deal with the Japanese whaling and the Norwegian tuna farming, because the Americans paid them to destroy the farming industries in these countries so that no one could compete with the Americans.
    Alright...Although what they do is indeed 
   environmental protection
   , they will only do it if it is profitableFor example, manufacturers of artificial meat and recycled paper pay for it...
   Lockhart smiled wryly. As a former civil servant, he probably knew better than Lupine about this kind of thing, and he didn't need to investigate in detail. He knew that what Lupine said was right based on common sense.Lupine continued to talk, as if he wanted to vent all the stagnation in his heart:In short, there is a mess of bad debts in the future...Shell Oil deliberately provoked it, so it paid some of the rebel organizations indemnity, and those rebel organizations were divided and often fought on their own.And because the money comes in so fast, many people concentrate on collecting claims, and no one cares about improving the environment.Instead, this gave BP and Shell an excuse, saying that the locals just wanted to extort money and refused to work hard, and the rebel organization and the Nigerian government also fell out.What's more nonsense is that because the local environment has been destroyed, the local Muggles can't farm the land, so many people have to join resistance organizations or work in foreign oil companies in order to make a living.Oil companies find that more employees apply for jobs, and they can pay lower wages, so they don't care about the local environmental protection.And those rebel organizations also found that no one can eat so they can get more soldiers, so they challenge the government and the British and Dutch companies, so they don't want to clean up the oil pollution... Sigh.    /J Sirius sneered, and then took a big gulp of wine:    It seems to be the same everywhere, the bad guys among Muggles are not kinder than Voldemort.
   
   Yes, so after I arrived in Nigeria, I spent three months to figure out the situation, and then together with more than 2 local wizards, I purified part of the land along the Niger River...
   With a 
   poof
   , the wine in Sirius' mouth sprayed out.
   Wait, twenty thousand wizards?!
    Sirius asked in disbelief.
   It's not all wizards,
    Lupine explained, 
   but the locals call himThey are wizards, because many Muggles are members of the Voodoo cult, and they persecute many Muggle children and women as wizards, I don't think I can leave them alone...
   
   My God, you are a saint.
    Sirius sighed.
   It's nothing, really, it's nothing.
   Lupine lowered his head to drink, but found that his glass was empty, so Lockhart hurriedly ordered another glass for several people.
   In other words, the reason why you didn't see any benefits after going for almost a year is because you arranged for local people?
    Lockhart understood.
   Well... we cleared a piece of land, let Muggles grow food, and then arranged jobs for the local wizards... Thanks to the gang of black-hearted oil companies that made the local food prices soar, the things we planted have already Earned all the money spent.Then one day, some leaders of the rebel army found us and wanted to ask us for money, but they happened to meet their mothers in our camp. After being scolded, they never talked about it again... Ha ha! 
   Although Lupine said it lightly, Lockhart knew that things might not be as easy as he said.Sure enough, people are still exercising outside. 1^It's really hard work for you, compared to you, those purebloods don't have to do anything, but they can get so much money...Isn't it, Sirius? 
    Lockhart pointedSirius almost jumped up:    Don't get me involved, I didn't vote too much
   Hehe.
    Lockhart didn't comment on this.Although I drank some wine in the afternoon, it did not affect the decision between Lockhart and Lupine.Bucket.As Madam Pomfrey said in the original book, 
   We finally have a qualified Defense Against the Dark Arts professor
   , Remus Lupine should not be weakAfter all, he knows the Patronus, can deal with Sao Ling and Zombies, and has a wealth of knowledge about magical creatures.In comparison, Snape may be better than Lupine in terms of potions and black magic, but his knowledge of magical creatures and common sense of Muggleology is a mess. For example, Snape believes that the number of Kappa is the largest in the desert steppe country Mongolia.If it was a Muggle, Snape was definitely the one who built a navy for the Mongols.However, Lupine's fighting ability made Lockhart a little disappointed-because he was even more impatient than Sirius.If Sirius can still put some pressure on Lockhart in terms of speed, then Lupine is a 
   flesh
    feeling. Although it seems to last longer, he did not let Lockhart from the beginning to the end. Feel tricky too.
   
   
Chapter 161   
   
   That's not to say Lupine wasn't capable, in fact his spells were much more solid than Sirius', but his nature was simply too lacking in aggression to put pressure on his opponents.No wonder the Future was killed by Dolohov - Lockhart thought.Antonin Dolohov was the guy who defeated the old Moody and easily seriously injured Hermione. In terms of combat ability alone, he could be regarded as a Death Eater below Voldemort. Snape is stronger, so it is not so surprising that he can kill Lupin. If Professor Flitwick finally defeated Dolohov before participating in the siege of Voldemort, many Lohov would have made the White Magic Those in the camp pay a greater price.This is not going to work. The Death Eaters used Azkaban to weaken their own humanity and strengthen their black magic abilities, while the white magicians did not make much progress in confrontation, and even regressed. When the two sides conflicted, they themselves The disadvantage here will be huge.have to find a wayChapter 340 Moody's TroubleAfter hearing that Lupine was coming back, Moody also rushed over on the last weekend before Christmas.The three Defense Against the Dark Arts professors at Hogwarts got together in this way, and they were going to discuss the issue of Voldemort's imminent return.But before that, Moody first had a match with Lockhart and Lupine, and in Moody's own words, he wanted to 
   get real
   This duel was extremely embarrassing for Lockhart, because that guy Moody didn't talk about martial arts, and he came after drinking Brain Refreshing Potion and Blessing Potion in advance.Because Moody has the relationship with the magic eye, invisibility, illusion and other magic are inherently useless to Moody, and as an old man who has experienced the war, his determination is definitely not what 
   young people
    like Lupine and Black can do. comparable.So in the previous sparring sessions, Lockhart didn't use magic in this area at all, not even the fog. Instead, he mainly focused on strengthening his own spirit, increasing his insight, judgment and reaction speed, The purpose is to bully Moody's old man, whose reaction speed is not as fast as that of young people.In addition, although illusion, invisibility and hypnosis spells are difficult to work, the delay and confusion spells still work, so Lockhart is not at a disadvantage.But this time Moody came here after taking drugs, so the confusion spell and blinding will not work, and the old man's reaction speed has suddenly become sharper than his own, and many opportunities to confirm the counterattack will no longer be available. exist, the whole tactic needs to be restartedIn desperation, Lockhart once again used his hidden ultimate move, the double magic, and the last time he used it was when he was duel with Snape.After the duel with Snape confirmed the reliability of this tactic, Lockhart addedAfter intensive research on this spell-casting technique, he successfully found a spell called 
   Spell Sequencing
    in the book of spells.The only function of this magic is to superimpose some small magics that the body has used so proficiently that it has developed muscle memory, and the number of superpositions is usually three.Lockhart thought about it carefully, and felt that this magic was still useful.Quantitative changes lead to qualitative changes. For example, when using the stun spell, the person hit by the stun spell can be awakened by his companion using the revive spell.But if that person gets two Stunning Spells, the Reviving Spell won't work.Like Professor McGonagall who was hit by Umbridge's team with four stun spells, there is no other way but to send St. Mungo first aid.As long as Lockhart is willing, he can release two types of magic at a time, a total of 6 spells. The wizard who saw this trick for the first time must not be able to handle it.Three Confusion Spells and three Stunning Spells were used together by Lockhart. Although he can only cast such a spell in a short period of time, if it doesn't work, he will have to be fired during the next magic window period. Forced to hide around.But so far, he hasn't met anyone worthy of such a deal, so he doesn't know what the result will be after doing this, and Moody is the first.But Moody obviously wasn't seeing this spellcasting technique for the first time, he recognized Lockhart's magic almost before the rain of spells arrived.But it has nothing to do with winning or losing, because even if he recognized it, he couldn't deal with it.After weighing the pros and cons, Moody blocked Lockhart's stun spell with timely 
   armor protection
   , and the one that hit his feet did the same, but a metallic muffled sound told Lockhart, The Stunning Charm didn't work.Compared with the ineffective return of the Stunning Curse, the Confusion Curse showed its power. Moody was completely caught by three Confusion Curse.After spinning around for a while, Moody's body lost his balance, and he fell to the ground sprawled on his back.If this was an actual battle, Lockhart would have rushed up and pulled out the pistol in his pocketTake two shots to the head of the second year, or at least give him two punches on the chin or temple while the opponent is free from the confusion spell.But now it's a sparring session, so it's almost over.He went to help Moody, only to find that Moody hadn't been able to shake off his Confusion Charms at all, not even a single one.Could it be that the effect of sequential superposition is so good?Lockhart couldn't help thinking.But after he lifted the spell for Moody, Moody told him that this was not the case at all.Under the curious eyes of the students, Moody brought Lockhart, Lupine and Black to his own office at Hogwarts.After the renovation of this office by Moody and Lupine, the furnishings inside are not as luxurious as before, but the practicability has also increased a lot because of this, large and small cabinets and various gadgets that resist black magic It's everywhere, Lockhart even noticed that the chandelier he made back then was turned into a trap by MoodyIn front of the three of them, Moody took off the magic eye he had been wearing all the time, and then confessed to them.
   Originally, I wouldn't reveal this secret to the outside world, but in order to prevent you from misunderstanding me in the future, I think it's better to tell it in advance... about this magic eye.The three looked at each other, and then Lupine asked:    Dumbledore knows thisthing?
   Of course he knew, because he got me the Eye... towards the end of the First Wizarding War,
    Moody told them.When he said this, both Lupine and Black were somewhat impressed.
   Well, I've always wanted to ask you this.
    Lupine admitted honestly, I saw your face several times and wanted to persuade you to take that thing off. 
   It's not for nothing that Lupine said - Alastor Moody's left and right cheeksThere are obvious differences. Although his left face looks old and scarred, at least he still looks like a human being, while the right half of his face with fake eyes is abnormally dry and hideous. Skin that appears abnormal due to necrosis of peripheral nerves.Almost everyone is guessing that Moody paid a huge price to install his magic eye, but now judging from Moody's attitude, this is not unfounded.
   This is called the 'all-seeing eye', and it's something you get from Muggle religious lunatics. It's usually only conceived by religious leaders who have magical powers but refuse to believe in magic. They see what they see It all boils down to the bestowal of the gods they believe in. ’ Moody explained.
   So... it's not free to use this thing, is it?
    Lupine guessedMoody concedes: Dyke's, it makes you see everything around you, including invisible things and illusions that aren't real.But at the same time, it will gradually disturb your nerves, making a person more and more neurotic and hysterical...So Lockhart, if you use Legilimency or Imperius on me right now, I probably won't be able to resist.When facing Death Eaters, I will fight to the end, but I don't want you to misunderstand my fighting ability in future battles.    This is really bad news. After listening to Moody's words, the three of them understood a serious fact - that is, the most trustworthy person except Dumbledore is very likely not so worthy of everyone's trust.Chapter 340 Report to the Prime MinisterWhile the Order of the Phoenix was discussing safety issues, No. 10 Downing Street also received a simple report that its owner had been waiting for for a long time.The reason why it is just a simple report rather than a formal white paper is because Mrs. Rimington said that the information is insufficient, so she can only make a basic assessment based on the existing informationBut even with a basic assessment, Mrs Rimington has drawn far more conclusions than the Prime Minister.Her report started by surprising the Prime Minister—because she believed that the war potential in the wizarding world was huge, but only 
   potential
    was huge.The implication is that what she admires is the war techniques of the wizards, but she looks down on the war concepts and tactics of the wizards very much.
   Wizards are good at their war 'hardware', not war 'software'Even just looking at the paper of the report in front of him, the Prime Minister can imagine Mrs. Rimington's calculating and shrewd appearance.In addition to evaluating the economic scale, demographic structure, and political power of the wizarding world based on the various clues they found, Mrs. Rimington focused most on the military.:oo It's true that wizards have magical technology that we can't imagine, but judging from their security situation, warriors and audience, their understanding of tactics is still in the Renaissance period, and there is no scientific system.Judging from those security guards called    Aurors
   , they don't have standard weapons and spells, and the combat effectiveness of different individuals varies greatly.They do not yet have modern tactical thinking, and generally lack basic education in mathematics, physics and chemistry.Their society seems to me like that group of African natives and Middle Easterners - they use the artillery, guns, planes and all kinds of advanced weapons we provide, but the tactics they use are still the same as when they hold broadswords and spears the same. 
   After reading Mrs. Rimington's evaluation, Major felt a little unbelievable, because whether it was Fudge or Lockhart, they definitely looked down in front of him.Such a group of arrogant people, but their essence is primitive people?He couldn't wait to turn to the next page, wanting to know how Muggles should suppress those wizards technically.Although the information we have at present is only their opening ceremony, two games and the information we have come into contact with from their speeches, I can find a very basic fact-that is, all wizards, including the 
   great Dumbledore
    Principal Lido', if they want to fight, they must complete it within the line of sight, which can be used by us.Besides the so-called magical power, in terms of body structure, wizards are exactly the same as us ordinary people. When riding a broomstick or falling from a high place, they will be seriously injured, so they are actually not immune to it if they are not prepared. injury of a physical nature.They will also be drowned in water, burned in fire, choked by smoke, and cold when they touch snow...Therefore, if we want to eliminate wizards, we should try our best to take advantage of beyond visual range combat on the frontal battlefield. Even if we are forced to get involved in street fighting, we still need snipers, embedded explosives, remote control devices, precision guidance and Support from satellites and thermal imagers.On the premise of determining the hidden location of the wizard, no matter which side is the first to strike, each has a huge advantage.If I were a wizard and I had the misfortune to clash with ordinary people and start a war, I would destroy the government's military command system and communication system in the first place, but I personally doubt that wizards can understand the operation of our organization. 
   —After the eloquent comments, Mrs. Rimington did not forget to point out the advantages of wizards—that is, unimaginable destructive power, superb mobility, and unstoppable secrecy.
   ...but the overly sparse population of wizards is always the key to restricting them. According to the ratio, the number of wizards who are tactically threatening in the country is likely to be no more than - a thousand people.To sum up, for the wizards, the most suitable war strategy is 
   asymmetric warfare
   , that is, while admitting that the overall war cannot defeat us, use some things that we cannot understand locally to make us Pay a heavy price.Of course, if there is a conflict, we must win.I can't imagine a scenario where a large and well-established system is defeated by the kinky skills of a few.After evaluating the combat effectiveness of the wizards, Mrs. Rimington did not forget to point out the possibility of war at the end.If the wizards are rational and continue to keep most of the time secret as they are now, then I am sure that the war between us and the wizards will not happen.We can't afford the casualties we have to pay when we eliminate wizards, and we can't control wizards from harming our civilians when they die. Unless wizards have really done something outrageous, we have no excuse to start a war.At the same time, the wizarding world is absolutely impossible to avoid the political influence brought by wizards from ordinary families. It is also difficult for me to imagine that a rational realist like Lockhart will start a war that is destined to only lead to bloodshed .As long as the only reward for war is destruction, unless there is a large group of wizards whose value is destruction, it is hard to imagine that they will act unwisely.From this point of view, I support the deal you made with the wizard, ifThey are convinced that if there is more to be gained from war than trade, then war will not happen. 
   After reading this conclusion, Major was finally relieved.Although he doesn't understand military affairs and cannot evaluate the wizarding world, he does understand what political interests are and what positions are.At this moment, he suddenly felt that he could understand what the director named 
   Lockhart
    did.That's right, what that guy is trying to do is to control the channels of interest, buy mainstream political forces for his own use, and create a small political group loyal to himself.After all, that guy is from Oxford, so he should be no stranger to this.According to Mrs. Rimington, the level of humanities and social sciences in the wizarding world should be far behind them, that is to say, Lockhart, who studied from Oxford, should be able to reduce the dimensionality of those wizards politically Just hit.To tell the truth, Major was a little envious.Although he is now the Prime Minister of the United Kingdom, he does not have much real power, and there are not many people who support him.Especially after several bad administrations, although the people have expressed some understanding of the Prime Minister's performance because of the external environment, it is impossible to say good things about him.It's just because the Conservative Party is still in power, and everyone really doesn't want Mrs Thatcher to continue to be in power, so Major's position is relatively stable.Although Lockhart had fewer people in charge, at least his position in the wizarding world would be unshakable after he got things done, which was much better than Major's situation.What did Caesar say?
   I'd rather be boss here (in a small village) than in Rome.After understanding what Lockhart did, for some reason, the Prime Minister suddenly felt a lot more at ease.As a mature politician, unknown risks are always the enemy.He doesn't believe that a person he has never met will suddenly appear, and then say that he will do you good for no reason, that is called a saint.And the saint should go to heaven, and should not stay in the world like an ordinary person like the prime minister. He only believes that the essence of communication between people is the exchange of interests, and the routine operation is to get and give first.Therefore, instead of believing that Lockhart is seeking the welfare of wizards, Major is more willing to believe that it is for his own ambition.But looking at himself, Major felt that if he was also in Lockhart's position, and seeing an incompetent, stupid, indecisive, and vain person sitting in the minister's position, he would also have the ambition to replace him.——Or, 
   Even if he doesn't seek a position, he still takes it as his duty to benefit the wizarding world, and if everyone expects him, he has to take up this responsibility
   ?Got it, got it all!Putting the report aside, Major stretched happily.If he still needs help from the wizard, he will not be as careful as before.Because he knew now that Lockhart also needed him.On the surface, the Conservative Party does need a vote in the House of Commons, but from another perspective, why don't wizards need administrative resources from the government?And where can they get these administrative resources not through the House of Commons?Chapter 340 Dynamic BalanceChristmas 1994 was a respite for wizards and Muggles alike.In the melodious Yule Ball music, the wizards invited to Hogwarts danced, and after one or two dances, they rubbed out many souls behind the curtain, under the mistletoe tree or in the bushes. spark.Considering that the booming population of the wizarding world is related to the future student population of Hogwarts, Dumbledore told Moody and Snape to relax a bit today and not to meddle in their own business.Anyway, the little wizards invited to the dance are basically 14 years old. Although they are not old enough to play mobile games casually, at least they can legally do double or even multi-person indoor sports.Lockhart still received the most gifts this year. In addition to students from the student union and clubs, his colleagues and Hogwarts professors all sent gifts or Christmas cards, plus his foreign book fans The Christmas cards that were delivered, and the Christmas tree he put in his bedroom were half buried with all kinds of presents.It is a good thing to have a lot of relationships: but it is also a nerve-wracking thing to prepare for returning gifts every year. Fortunately, the wizard population is not large enough, otherwise Lockhart would have to hire someone to help him handle fan replies.Even the Prime Minister gave him a    big gift
   , but this gift made Lockhart somewhat emotional.In the Christmas morning paper, Major announced a piece of 
   good news to all the people - CityLinks, a time-honored British express company, was acquired by a rich oil consortium in the country under the mediation and planning of the government. This consortium has already submitted to the government Promise that there will be no layoffs, and even recruit [-] new grassroots employees from the society.Io is in line with the attitude of being responsible to the country, and during the negotiation process, the prime minister wantsPlease let us not give an inch on the employment issue...Although the current situation is difficult, we will still face it positively, and the progress of social welfare should not be stagnated because of the international situation...
   Although Lockhart can't remember when he promised to recruit 1500 Muggle grassroots employees, the Prime Minister's Office has made such a statement, and the British people and the media must have responded to this matter. If this happened, then even if it was not the fault of their 
   Hogsmeade Consortium
   , the British people would still have opinions on this consortium.Lockhart continued to read the newspaper, and found that the government had indeed launched a propaganda campaign, vigorously advocating this matter, and blowing up CityLinks, a courier company on the verge of bankruptcy, as a symbolic high-quality British industry, as if The 
   Hogsmeade Consortium
    took such a huge advantage.This cannot be directly denied.The prime minister is very familiar with this tactic - the out-and-out 
   sausage tactic
   , which is to test the attitude of the wizards step by step, one time at a time, until the bottom line of the wizards is tested.If it was Fudge and his gang, they probably rushed to the door to question them, or denied the matter in the newspaper, right?Lockhart thinks this is really interesting—no matter what the Prime Minister has seen from the Five Powers Tournament, his current attitude towards the wizarding world has proved one thing—that is, he has regarded wizards as a whole. A political force that needed to be taken seriously, and that was Lockhart's goal from the start.
   
   
Chapter 162   
   
   This is a good thing for Lockhart. If the person presiding over this matter is not Lockhart but other wizards, then Lockhart guarantees that they will be tricked by the Prime Minister because they are completely untrained.Of course, in return, Lockhart would not sit back and watch the prime minister infringe upon the interests of wizards casually, and he was going to pose a problem to the prime minister.He wants to take advantage of the New Year: as a shareholder representative, he will attend the meeting of shareholders of the express companyThe General Assembly, then announced that the directors of the company had unanimously decided to recruit workers and clerical staff in a series of areas until the 1500 people were assembled.It's just that these areas    just happen
    to be in the main constituencies of the Labor Party, and he will find people through the union to hire workers - for the benefit of the people, right?I believe that the esteemed Prime Minister will take the initiative to talk to Lockhart after he gets the news.Since it's a game, let's all come and have fun.As the saying goes, if you don't fight, you don't know each other. It is pure fantasy to expect politicians to understand what it means to 
   get it when you see it.
    Everyone still has to fight without breaking through the 
   dynamics
    achieved after a fist-to-hand political struggle. Balance
    is the most reassuring.But don't worry, it's better to wait until the New Year, when Sirius should go to work.Before making trouble, let the prime minister have a comfortable Christmas.Lockhart read the newspaper several times, even the most boring sentimental column patiently, before he had to shout to the cabin behind him.
   Gemma? Is there anything I can do for you?
   Soon, a head popped out of the window on the second floor of the villa.
   Wait a minute, I'm working on the lashes.
   Lockhart looked at his pocket watch and found that there was less than half an hour left before the opening of the dance. Counting the time spent walking, they might be late even if they set off immediately.
   You don't need to dress up to be beautiful.
    Lockhart said against his will, 
   We are not the protagonists at this Christmas ball. Are you trying to cover up the warriors' limelight?
   Gemma said in her heart that of course she must overshadow the warriors, otherwise that Fleur Delacour would inevitably play the trick of 
   beautiful crown of beauty
   .According to what Gemma learned from the school girls, Fleur's girls at Beauxbaton SchoolThe popularity among the students is very poor, mainly because she will 
   unintentionally
    snatch the boyfriends of several people as long as she appears in public.Conscience of heaven and earth, although Beauxbaton is different from the movie, it is a coeducational school, but because the headmaster is female (giant) and prefers girls, the number of girls enrolled in Beauxbaton is indeed much more than that of boys .Fair-looking wizards are a scarce resource in Beauxbatons, and all of them have been snatched away by Furong. Where else can they pick up men?Hook up Muggles?No kidding.Although Gemma has more confidence in Lockhart's concentration, at the same time, she feels that it is better to take her destiny into her own hands than to trust in the man's concentration.So she has been pouring all kinds of bottles and cans since two o'clock in the afternoon. From choosing hairstyle, modifying skin, applying smear, and finally drinking potion, it took a full three and a half hours to finish.As for the clothes, there was nothing to choose, she had already ordered them from Fengya Wizard Store half a month ago.It wasn't until 10 minutes before the ball started that Gemma calmly walked out of the newly renovated Farley Villa.Gemma looked radiant after careful grooming, and as far as Lockhart observed, she should have used some magic to make herself more eye-catching.
   We've been waiting, let's go,
    she said to Lockhart.Lockhart really wanted to say politely 
   I didn't wait long
   , but it would seem even more false to say it now, so he didn't say it.
   We're running late, how about I ask Dobby to take us into the castle?
    Lockhart tried to suggest.Gemma shook her head again and again:    How can that be done? The house elf brought him into the castle. I still can't afford to lose that person.
   
   Then what to do?
    Lockhart was a little worried, 
   The Cloud Wing Curse will mess up your ceremony.clothes.JJDo not worry.While talking, Gemma rubbed the ruby ​​ring on her left index finger, and then, under Lockhart's surprised eyes, took out a small pumpkin from the gemstone and threw it on the ground.
   Hey, maybe Lockhart seems to have guessed something.Gemma nodded, then cast an expansion spell on it.As a result, the pumpkin swelled rapidly and turned into a carriage, and the pumpkin seedling turned into a wheel hub and bracket of the carriage, and even turned into a guiding light.
   That's right, it's exactly what you think.
    Gemma was obviously very proud, 
   One time use, the effect can last for six hours, it's six o'clock now, we have to get back before midnightLockhart subconsciously looked down at Gemma's feet, only to find that they were not a pair of crystal slippers, but shoes made of the fur of an unknown animal.
   Why not a glass slipper? Or a crystal slipper?
    he asked.Of course Gemma knew what he was asking:    It was originally squirrel fur (French vi). In the era, squirrel skin was used as currency, but not many people knew about glass.
   
   Okay, let's go then, it looks like we should be there in 10 minutes.
   Lockhart tried to be a gentleman and opened the car door for the other party, but the door didn't budge.Gemma smiled and stretched out her wand, pointed at the car door, and the car door swung open.
   I'm afraid you'll have to change your last name to Farley to open it.
    She pointed.Chapter 340 Prom (X)? Curse (V7)!As Mr. Weasley had said in the World Cup camp, wizards were creatures that couldn't help but want to show off whenever they got the chance to get together.So when Lockhart came outside Hogwarts Castle, he found that the two of them were not the most high-profile group.There were people in carriages, flying carpets and even elephants, which opened Lockhart's eyes.Because the Furnish wizarding dress chain sponsored ball gowns for warriors, Lockhart saw that Ron was not wearing the lace-trimmed ball gown that the Weasley family had inherited, but a dark green gown.Lockhart guessed that the dress was originally Harry's, but because of the sponsor's request, Harry couldn't wear the dress that Mrs. Weasley had chosen for him, so it ended up being cheaper for Ron.It's a pity that these small changes did not allow the duo of the saviors to find a satisfactory dance partner. After pursuing more than a dozen girls but failed, Ron finally chose Hermione to pursue, but it backfired, and Hermione was irritated by him. And more firmly accepted Krum's invitation.And Harry was similar, and this time it was even worse—because of the good relationship with Cedric, he was even more afraid to pursue Qiu Zhang, even though his godfather repeatedly encouraged him to poach corners.
   Please, James was the Lily who was snatched from the snot-nosed man!
    Sirius accidentally revealed a big inside story to Harry, 
   What are you afraid of, come on!
   
   What? Io
   At this, Harry's eyeballs almost burst out of their sockets, shattering his own glasses.Sirius lost no time in exaggerating his father's 
   great achievements
    to Harry.performance
   , but the effect is also counterproductive.So in the end, Harry and Ron still chose the Patil sisters as their dancing partners.In good conscience, Lockhart doesn't think the Patil sisters are not upright enough. Even from the aesthetic point of view of Asians and Africans, the Indian sisters are still pretty. Judging from Dean Thomas' evaluation of them This can be seen in .But they obviously don't fit Harry and Ron's aesthetics, which may be related to their cranial appearance not being 
   Aryan
    enough.Although the surname Patil belongs to a high caste, it stands to reason that the Aryans should be of more ancestry than the indigenous population, but the Patil family is different.The ancestors of her family should have belonged to the 
   Shudra (farmer)
    caste, and they belonged to the bottom of the caste hierarchy.But later, the ancestors of the Patil family bought and annexed other people's land through various means, and successfully became big landlords, so they bought the relationship and changed the family name into Patil, the Kshatriya (warrior class) surname. Only lower than the Brahmins (priestly class).And what attracted Lockhart's attention to this pair of sisters was that they were obviously twins, but Padma Patil was put into Ravenclaw, and Parvati was sorted into Gryffindor, which made Lockhart couldn't help but doubt the Sorting Hat's criteria for sorting people.Because the values ​​and thinking patterns of the two sisters are almost identical, and they do not lack courage and a sense of justice (speaking up for Neville, participating in the battle between DA and Hogwarts), but from the perspective of superstitious divination and love of gossip, how come Neither looked like a Ravenclaw.But none of that mattered, and Lockhart wasn't counting on them to make it anyway.If he remembers correctly, whether it's Harry, Ron and the Patil sisters, or Neville and Luna, Cedric and Cho, Hermione and Krum, and even FuSupporting roles such as Rong, Dean, and Seamus, there is no pair of dance partners who can go to the end and become each other's life partners at this ball.There are even more extreme ones—Fred Weasley, who became Angelina Johnson's dance partner, died in the Battle of Hogwarts in the end, and this woman was entrusted to his twin brother George o Weasley.Therefore, this ball is not so much a place for people to fall in love, as it is a very vicious curse.Lockhart stared at the group of young boys and girls in front of him, feeling the impermanence of life and fate, and mourned for these children who came to the dance today for a full half minute.I hope you don't take this relationship too seriously, and may Merlin bless you.But at the same time, Lockhart also overlooked one thing, a very important thingIt's easy for people to only see others, but not themselves, right?Although Lockhart is not a good ballroom dancer, today's dance is not difficult for himWizards rarely introduced anything from Muggles after signing the Secrecy Act, so most of their ballroom dancing forms remained at the end of the 17th century.However, the court dance at the end of the 17th century just came out of the rigid 
   salute movements
   , and added some arm movements, and the rotation has just begun to become a little vivid. So the difficulty is not particularly difficult overall. .Lockhart's ballroom dancing skills are not good, but compared with wizards, he can still be regarded as a hand 7, especially when he is wearing a hunting suit modified dress.Wearing a hunting suit to a ball belongs to the fashion that only appeared on the Muggle side at the end of the 18th century and the beginning of the 19th century. Dumas wrote in 
   The Three Musketeers
    that the King of France insisted on wearing a hunting suit at a ball held for him by the citizens , but when it becomes popularProbably have to wait until the 20th century.Compared with the bloated and sloppy robe dress, the advantage of dancing in a hunting suit is obvious-this makes Lockhart's dance steps more agile, and it is also more convex than the robe.For Lockhart, it was his dance partner, Gemma, who limited his performance—she seemed to have to think before taking a step, and her movements were also very stiff, not at all like a person who often went to dances.Lockhart had to slow himself down, and cover her with his movements when he could.Even so, Gemma twisted at last.When the first song was over and everyone went to rest, Lockhart asked her in a low voice:    You rarely dance?
   
   It should be said... almost no skipping.
    Gemma looked a little embarrassed, 
   Hogwarts hasn't held a dance for a long time.
   
   What about your pure blood party?
   
   There are only a few that can afford indoor dances. As for the poor, they can't even afford a dress. After doing it a few times, they meet the same people every time, so they get tired of it. I don't want to go A Muggle ball, so...
   Gemma explained in a low voice, because she also felt a little ashamed.
   When everyone has money, we can hold more balls in the future.
    Lockhart said bluntly, 
   It won't take long.
   Even if you can't often hold that kind of high-end dance, you can always hold some 
   open-air dances
    in the square at the entrance of the village, and you don't need to bring your own cement, which is great.Lockhart decided to do this after he became the Minister of Magic. Anyway, the biggest financial problem of the Ministry of Magic at that time should be how to spend money. Saying it also helps Lockhart cement his position.At least Fengya Wizard Dress Shop will definitely agree.Chapter 340 Private ChatBecause Gemma sprained her foot, she had to sit on the edge of the dance floor early.But this does not mean that she has nothing to do, she can continue to 
   receive
    the juniors of the Hogwarts Student Union and continue to support the power.Only in this way, she couldn't take care of Lockhart.Only the first song in the dance party is mandatory to dance with the dance partner, and they are free to find someone afterwards.Lockhart watched as Harry and Ron ran away after a dance, and it seemed that this kind of occasion was indeed not suitable for them.But Lockhart is an internationally renowned person, so even if he wants to rest, there are still quite a few people who ask him to dance, and many people still come to socialize with him with business matters, Gemma is not easy to deal with it. He looked too dead.So after Gemma took a break from cooking, Lockhart was released like this.There are usually two ways to dispel the suspicion of a dance partner, one is that he does not accept anyone's invitation to dance, and the other is that he accepts anyone's invitation to dance.And Lockhart chose the latter one by one. Lockhart almost always refused to invite ladies to dance.Even female students from several other schools, as long as they show that they are fans of Lockhart's books, he doesn't mind dancing with them.This is a good opportunity to expand foreign contacts or get acquainted with each other. The image of Lockhart at the ball will be the important first impression these people have of him, and he can easily carry out diplomatic work in the future. a lot of.It's just that he underestimated the number of his fans abroad, and also underestimated the attractiveness of a rich single young man.There are many witches who stuff small notes into their hands by dancing, and many of them invite him to find a private room for a heart-to-heart talk.Out of loyalty to his current girlfriend, Lockhart could only regretfully decline.After all, too many politicians are ruined in the political arena because of the relationship between men and women, so he has to be vigilantFortunately, the people who came to see him were not all wild bees and butterflies, for example, a witch from Australia, who was asking Lockhart through dancing, what they could do if her family also planned to expand the Muggle business.After all, Australia's mining industry is already very developed, and the minerals are in a state where they can't be fully developed rather than mines can't be found. They don't need wizards so much.The implication is that if they can't find work, her family probably won't support political reform in Britain.For Lockhart, as long as she is not greedy for her body, then everything is fine - he suggested that her family can start a pest control company, specializing in breeding mink, and helping Muggle farms to deal with the overrun rabbits there and kangaroos.The Australian witch left satisfied, but immediately someone came to invite Lockhart, almost one after another. After a few laps, even with Lockhart's physical strength, he had to find a place to rest temporarily.Before he could rest for 2 minutes, he found a person sitting next to himHe thought it was another fan from somewhere, but when he looked up, he realized that the person who came was actually a well-known international star - Viktor Krum.It's strange, so he didn't go to make out with Hermione under Xie Jisheng?Although he didn't know what he was here for, it didn't stop Lockhart from flattering him.
   Hello, Krum, congratulations on getting the number 9'. In fact, we didn't expect Hydra to be tamed at all. Your performance surprised us.
    He made a look of admiration .
   Thank you.
    Krum was also very polite, 
   I have heard of your reputation, ifLei GuanerAfter finishing the courtesies, Krum slowly revealed his reason for coming. Apart from tactfully expressing that he wanted to 
   ask for advice
    from Lockhart, what he most wanted to know was the girlfriend he just made ( presumptuous).Zhuang also said that she learned all her thoughts from you. Krum said to Lockhart in half-baked English.Lockhart was in a bit of trouble.Although he can speak a little of the daily language of the Slavic family, it is beyond his ability to use Bulgarian to explain complex and obscure theories and concepts. Nordic languages ​​are also not Lockhart's forte. item.
   Do you speak German? Or Italian?
    he asked.
   
   
Chapter 163   
   
   Krum nodded:    I speak Italian.
   
   That's great.
    Lockhart said to him in Italian, 
   Then I'll just say it - 'ideas' can't be learned, only 'theories' can be learned, and Miss Granger's ideas came from her My own experience and thinking, I just introduced to her the theories I know as comprehensively as possible, and then let her decide what to believe and what to practice...
   Krum interrupted him with an eager expression:    But according to her, you helped her a lot in helping her establish the House Elf Rights Promotion Association.
   
   Huh? Is there any?
   Lockhart felt a little baffled, because he didn't remember that he had given Hermione any substantial help, and he didn't even make any donations except for paying the membership fee once. He also didn't know what Hermione had done.
   She's convincing pure-blood families to allow house-elves to love and reproduce freely because 'their offspring will be qualified employees of the courier company,'
    Klum told him.Lockhart whistled.
   Beautiful,
    he remarked, 
   she's become more pragmatic—she's trying to give the house-elves the joy of freedom before convincing them to change, and it's in everyone's interest... but It should be just the first step.
   However, Lockhart immediately noticed something strange again.
   By the way, where is Miss Granger?
    he asked.Klum looked a bit downcast:    I asked her out for a walk, but she said it was too soon, so I thought I might need to get to know her a bit more...I thought she was happy when I asked her...and Harry Potter went out too...
   Lockhart understood that Krum had misunderstood his rival.
   She's really happy,
    Lockhart assured him, 
   and you're the first to notice her charm as a 'woman' no matter what people think of it, which means a lot to her symbolically. 
   
   Really?
    Krum was a little surprised, 
   No one has ever noticed her?
    Lockhart shook his head repeatedly.
   No, she is very eye-catching, but others tend to define her in a kind of 
   jack-of-all-trades', 
   active library
   , and child-finding student
   . As for Harry and Ron, at least in Now, they're all just thinking of her as their bestie, and you're the first to acknowledge her attractiveness from a 'female' perspective, which will give her a huge boost to her confidence anyway. 
   Krum nodded subconsciously, and his joy gradually showed.But then he realized that something was wrong.
   You really know her very well.
    Krum said to Lockhart in an affirmative toneHis expression was complicated, as if he was saying 
   Chang Wei, you still said you don't know martial arts
   But Lockhart really didn't think that much at this time, he cared less about Krum's friendship than about his influence in Europe.After all, the influence that a star Quidditch player can have on the judiciary and politics of a wizarding country is likely to be greater than Lockhart imagined.For crimes like Ludo Bagman's misreporting information to the Death Eaters, even if he is not convicted of a felony, he should at least be charged with negligence, or at least he should be refused to work in the public office.But he relied on the influence of his playing days to effectively influence the attitude of the jury and even the Wizengamot, not to mention the public.
   Don't think too much, I'm just cultivating political successors at Hogwarts.
    Lockhart said lightly, makeup is also one of the new political stars I plan to cultivate, Mr. Weasley (Percy), Mr. Diggory , Mr. Porter are on my team. 
   Krum seemed to accept this statement, so the atmosphere between the two suddenly improved a lot.
   I heard that you are very popular...I mean, you are very popular with the opposite sex...Can you teach me a little bit?
   Probably because of Lockhart's flirting performance on the dance floor just now, Krum began to humbly ask for advice, but he really didn't look very smart, as if all his IQ was spent on fighting, playing ball and bragging .Only then do you see that Krum is still just a big boy.Lockhart smiled, ready to answer Krum's question.
   No problem, it seems that you really lack training in this area, let's start with the three elements of love! Passion, intimacy, and commitment, let's talk about it first...
   But at this moment, at the entrance of the ballroom, Moody's incomprehensible voice suddenly broke the warm atmosphere of the scene.
   Gidero! Come here, there is a situation!
    he shouted.Chapter 340 Voldemort's TentaclesHearing Moody's shout, Lockhart's heart tightened immediately.Because Dumbledore was also in the castle, Lockhart relaxed a little today, but it would not be a trivial matter to make Moody so serious, unless he was nervous again today.Although it is said that the possibility of Crouch Jr. bringing Voldemort back to England is very low now, without Peter Pettigrew to 
   feed
    Voldemort, he should not be able to get out of birth.But Lockhart wasn't sure how much of Voldemort's hidden power was useless) or what new plans Crouch Jr. had.The result of eliminating some hidden dangers in advance is what the other party will do next, and Lockhart has no idea about it.But even so, if Lockhart were to do it all over again, he would still choose to capture Pettigrew, even if it would affect the 
   future
    he knewAfter all, a traveler who is afraid that changing the future will lead to unknowable results is not a good traveler, or an author who is afraid to change history because he is afraid of losing control of the plot is not a good fan writer—if nothing changes, what do you want? ?He pleaded guilty to Krum, and then walked out of the ballroom under the strange eyes of everyone.After passing the code, Lockhart asked Moody in a low voice.
   What happened?
   
   The wine at the dance is poisoned,
    said Moody grimly. 
   I just examined the - three broomsticks' delivery and found that the red currant rum was poisoned.
   
   Currant rum 0 magic poison.
    Lockhart repeated.
   That's right, it's a highly poisonous mixture of Akembo tree venom and snake venom.It is colorless and tasteless, and it will attack immediately after drinking it. ’ repeated Moody.Although the poison was highly toxic, Lockhart was not particularly concerned about it.Because the murderer poured potion into the wine, it was obviously left to Moody to find out, and the intention of provocation was very obvious.
   You mean, not all the wine was poisoned?
    Lockhart frowned.Hearing him ask that, Moody knew that Lockhart had understood the situation.
   Yeah, butterbeer, old whiskey, champagne, and cluck.
   Lockhart didn't feel complacent about it, because he believed that even wizards could deduce this.
   In other words, the person the murderer intends to kill is obviously a lover of red currant rum... who?
   
   Cornel Fudge.
    Moody directly revealed the answer.
   Ha.
    Lockhart was amused. 
   Did the murderer think that you and Dumbledore would not notice the potion he poured? Or did he think that the house-elves would not taste the food and drink first? Bring it up?
   
   That's the problem, what is that guy trying to do?
    Moody looked in Hogsmeade's direction, 
   I'm worried he's trying to lure me over.
   Moody's suspicion is not without reason, because everyone knows that he has a magic eye, no matter whether it is an invisibility cloak or an illusion, he can't escape his eyes, and even people who drink Polyjuice Potion may be seen by him. The flow is wrong and the clues are found.Lockhart agreed with Moody's judgment.
   Be careful and bring more people with you.
    He advised Moody.Moody tapped the crutch in his right hand heavily:    You didn't understand what I meant. What I was worried about was that the murderer wanted to lure me away, and then took the opportunity to sneak into the ball.
   
   Then let him come.
    Lockhart sneered, 
   Remember to bring me that rug in your office.
   
   Alright.
   It is not Moody's style to shrink back when things happen. Even if he knows that the poisoner has a conspiracy, he still wants to break through.As for Hogwarts, although Lockhart with the Marauder's Map is still weaker than Moody in terms of perception, when it comes to how to control the intruder as little as possible without the guests noticing, Lockhart is stronger than Moody.Not to mention Dumbledore is still here.Moody called a few Aurors who were chatting and spanking outside the ball, and after whispering a few words with Dumbledore, he led the people straight to Hogsmeade. It seemed that he didn't investigate the bottom line Will not give up.Before leaving, Moody also summoned the Marauder's Map rug that Lockhart had given him with the Flying Charm.When Lockhart got it, he found that after two transformations by Lupine and Sirius, Moody also made further transformations on this map. Now it can not only display terrain and names, but also use colors Marking the concentration of magic power and spell fluctuations in each area, the practicality has once again stepped up to a higher level.For example, Lockhart saw Harry and Ron on this map now. They were hiding in the bushes at the moment, and at the same time they used a magic prop to reach out to Snape. It seemed that they were eavesdropping. The conversation between Snape and Karkaroff;He even saw Rita Skeeter outside the castle from above. She was using Transfiguration to hide beside Hagrid and Madam Maxime, probably preparing to make another big news.After scanning the guests on the map, Lockhart suddenly noticed a personLudo Bagman, the former director of the Sports Department, was walking along a Hogwarts road at this time.Ci's secret path, heading towards the ballroom in the castle.Lockhart was shocked immediately: How smug is this guy, that he dared to come alone knowing that Dumbledore was here?Since the gambling incident, Ludo Bagman was asked by Fudge to resign voluntarily, and has since disappeared from people's sight.For the sake of his own future, of course, Fudge put all the blame on Bagman's head, not only gambling, but even the murder of foreign guests in the World Cup, Fudge claimed that it was because of Bagman's gambling, so the Bulgarian The director was caught by the murderer.Not only that, Fudge also took the credit for solving the goblin crisis on himself.He deliberately emphasized to the Ministry of Magic that he had resolved the potential conflict with the goblin this time.It is not unreasonable to say that Bagman wanted revenge after Fudge    broke his good deed
   , so that he felt resentful and wanted revenge after his downfall.But Lockhart always felt that something was wrong—if he wanted to take revenge on Fudge, where could he not take revenge?Why must revenge at Hogwarts?As Hagrid said—“Gringotts is the safest place in the world—except Hogwarts.” How stupid must Ludo Bagman be to want to come to Hogwarts? revenge?With this ability, Bagman might as well go directly to the Ministry of Magic, go through the obstacles of the Aurors first, and then forcefully kill Fudge in front of all the staff.It may be a bit difficult to do so, but it is also easier than doing it at Hogwarts.Interesting, it seems that he should be arrested and questioned.Chapter 340 Six This is a temptation.In order to confirm that Bagman was indeed coming towards Fudge, Lockhart deliberately disappeared, and then secretly hid at the entrance of the secret passage that Bagman sneaked into.Not long after, he saw the statue of Gregory the Flatterer slowly move away to the side, revealing the secret passage hidden behind, and then Mangkomos Diggory sneaked through the secret passage come out.After confirming that there was no one around, 
   Mr. Diggory
    tidied up his skirt, sleeves, and hem, and then slowly walked towards the ballroom after confirming that there was no dirt on them.He has a calm demeanor, and when he sees some students, he will pretend to ask them where his son Cedric has gone, and he will complain loudly, such as why the boys' bathroom is so high.If Lockhart hadn't seen him coming out of the secret passage with his own eyes, maybe he would have been bluffed by this guy too.At last 
   Mr Diggory
    came to the door of the ballroom.There, a wizard in a purple robe with a long ponytail was busy checking the attire of the passing people, and if he thought anyone was suspicious, he would stop that person.But probably because it was Christmas, and there were people checking the invitations at the gate of the castle, so the Auror's checking was often a hasty check, especially when he knew the person.Seeing an Auror guarding the gate, 
   Mr. Diggory
    did not retreat but advanced:    Hey, Eric, have you seen my son?
   
   Amos?
   The Auror guarding the gate subconsciously pointed outside when he saw Mr. Diggory:    I just saw your son go out with a black-haired girl...
   Truth be told, the Auror couldn't remember if Mr Diggory had come to the ball,But since his son is here, it should be normal for him to appear here.5 Me, damn it! Mr. Diggory slapped himself on the head with feigned annoyance, 
   I'm only half an hour late, if it wasn't for that damned hippogriff... No, I have to go find him!
   He never told me about it, not us Digorys.Seeing him acting so realistically, if he hadn't seen his name from the map, I'm afraid Luoha would have been deceived.And this Auror was obviously deceived:    Forget it, Amos, it's better for us to ignore the children's affairs. Besides, today is Christmas! Why don't you go in and have a drink or two?
   
   Digory
    hesitated:    You mean, I'll wait for him inside?
   
   Yes, even if you want to scold, you should wait until they are happy.
    Auror looked very reasonable, 
   Go in and rest for a while, I will notify you when he comes back, Amos.
   
   Mr. Diggory
    didn't expect that he would slip in so smoothly, and after thanking him, he walked into the ball.However, just as he rushed to Fudge and reached for the wand in his sleeve, he was knocked over by a wand that suddenly appeared in the air.Before the other guests noticed, Lockhart and a few Aurors hurriedly pulled Diggory out under the pretext that 
   he was drunk
   .Dawlish, who had already been there, and a few Aurors immediately took over him, and took him to the 
   temporary president
    of the Aurors—that is, Moody's office.As for how they plan to fight 
   Bagman
    in the future, that's beyond Lockhart's knowledge.— An hour later, Lockhart welcomed Moody back and worked with him to maintain the rest of the order.
   Okay, now we can be sure that this guy is after Fudge,
    Lockhart told Moody.During the process just now, Lockhart has been following Bagman, and he even secretly told the Auror at the door with a sound transmission spell, asking him to let this guy in for the time being.And Ludo Bagman also used practical actions to show Lockhart that his purpose of coming this time seems to be really simple-he came here specially to find Fudge for revenge.Lockhart felt very strange. Although Ludo Bagman is a gambling dog who has been dazzled, he is just dazzled, not without brains. Why would he do such a stupid thing? ?With this doubt, he pretended to be nonchalant and returned to the ballAt this time, the Slytherin elementary school girls had already found Madam Pomfrey, and asked her to help Gemma heal her ankle, and Lockhart was able to dance with her againAnd the girls from Hogwarts also boldly joined in and began to invite Lockhart to dance, and these people even included Hermione who had gone and returned.Lockhart couldn't remember how many people he had danced with that night, anyway, he felt his legs and feet were a little sore by the end.It wasn't until the end of the dance that Moody found him again.He told the results of the interrogation by the Loha Niu Al Aurors:    Bagman was under the Imperius Curse, he can't remember what happened, the last scene he remembered was in a tavern called 
   The Hanged Ghost Tavern
    Zhong got very drunk, and then a stranger approached him. 
   Lockhart racked his brains and didn't remember where the 
   Hanged Ghost Tavern
    was until Moody reminded him.
   It's in a village called Little Hangleton, very remote, with only a few run downThe purebloods lived there. added Moody.Lockhart first felt that this place called 
   Little Hangleton
    was inexplicably familiar, but he couldn't remember what it was. He didn't remember what it was until 
   Fallen Blood
    came out.
   
   
Chapter 164   
   
   Isn't that where the Gaunts' old house is?And old Riddle, he lived there too!Sure enough, these are the ghosts of Voldemort!
   Have you spoken to Dumbledore?
    Lockhart asked.
   Of course.
    Moody said without thinking, 
   He just left.
   
   That's good.
   Lockhart didn't believe that Dumbledore couldn't figure out what happened behind this. He probably paid more attention to Voldemort than himself, and he probably knew what happened when he heard the name of the bar.Having said that, there are several unsolved mysteries that do not conform to the logic of the characters' behavior in the HP seven-part series. One of them is why Voldemort still hid the Horcrux there even when he knew that his ancestral home had been exposed.The old house of the Gaunt family was not cast with too many spells, and at most a Muggle expulsion curse was added, and then Voldemort made his own Horcrux from one of the Deathly Hallows' resurrection stones. , this heart is simply too wide.If Voldemort did it on purpose, using this resurrection stone as bait to trap and kill Dumbledore7, then he would be too willing to spend a little bit of money.Lockhart is very clear that Voldemort is the same as himself in this respect, he is an egoist, and he will never exchange his soul for the lives of others.
    Even if it is only 1/7 of his own soul, even if that People are Dumbledore as well.Moreover, after Snape 
   killed
    Dumbledore, Voldemort didn't discover that Dumbledore's real cause of death was actually the resurrection stone he had cursed for a long time, otherwise he should have discovered that Snape was a spy.However, it wasn't until Harry and the others destroyed the Gold Cup that Voldemort discovered that they were searching for his Horcrux.When Voldemort rushed to search for his Horcrux, he found that the resurrection stone and the pendant had also disappeared.What happened afterwards was taken for granted—in a panic, Voldemort called Nagini back to his side, not daring to let him go away.This also proves from the side that Voldemort didn't have the idea of ​​using the resurrection stone as a 
   bait
    at all. He was Dumbledore's weakness that he accidentally hit.As for Snape, I have to say that he is indeed a perfect spy. He didn't reveal it until the end. Maybe Voldemort once suspected him, but until Voldemort was killing him, he still thought that Snape was still a spy. A loyal servant.Now Voldemort probably doesn't know that three of his Horcruxes have been destroyed. He took the initiative to expose Little Hangleton to the Order of the Phoenix. On the one hand, it is because Ludo Bagman's trajectory can be easily investigated. Will try to cover up.On the other hand, it is estimated that he also wanted to test how alert Dumbledore was to him.But in any case, it is unlikely that he will continue to leave the resurrection stone in place.Chapter 340 Seven Mistakes in CountermeasuresBecause he was going to send Gemma home, it took Lockhart the next day to find out from Moody the ins and outs of the investigation by the Auror office.Ludo Bagman has been dismissed by the Ministry of Magic since his gambling was exposed, and has since become penniless. It is even theoretically said that he still owes a large amount of money to the Ministry of Magic, and he probably will not be able to pay this money for the rest of his life.When a person owes a debt that is almost impossible to repay, some people choose to grit their teeth and try their best to repay it, such as Shi Yuzhu and Luo Yonghao, and those respectable people in the Douban group who are still gritting their teeth to repay their debts.And more people choose to break the pot, such as the gambling brother, who has nothing to ask for except to find opportunities to get a small loan, or like Ludo Bagman, who drinks all day long to relieve his worries.Because of the loss of income, Bagman mainly drinks on credit, and he still can't pay back the money, and soon most wizard bars no longer welcome himSo he began to wander around in many Muggle taverns, still buying alcohol on credit, even drinking Overlord wine, and every time he drank, he had to cast a pain-shielding spell on himself, and when he had no money to pay the bill, he would let the Muggle bartender Prepare to beat up.This spell was originally learned from others when he was a Quidditch batsman in order to save himself from being hit by a Bludger. After retiring, he thought it would never be used again. Thinking of this spell in his hands, it actually gave off a second spring.As for being called to the police by residents, Bagman usually doesn't have to worry about it, because the British Muggle police basically don't care about such trivial things as a few pounds of drinks.After all, since the era of Mrs. Thatcher, the British government has been reducing the funding of grassroots civil servants such as the police, and many small towns have canceled police stations because of this.do notSpeaking of regional police stations, even the Metropolitan Police have been selling offices to subsidize costs.So much so that in the 21st century, the Metropolitan Police Department announced that it would not file a case for 
   economic disputes
    under 50 pounds, and had to allow the police to go out to do part-time jobs to supplement their families, because the wages were really out of reach.Since the police can't be counted on, the bartender will beat Bagman at best. The plot in 
   The Police and the Hymn
    is really not purely fictional.Just one day after Bagman was thrown out of the door drunk again by the bartender, a person appeared in front of him.The man looked at Bagman with interest for a while, gave him a ham sandwich, and asked him about his past.Bagman didn't remember what he said to that person either, only that he didn't remember anything after he finished eating the food.
   He's under the Imperius Curse,
    said Moody. 
   I've found out that the man gave him poison, Polyjuice Potion, and a plan of action to poison the Three Broomsticks' wine. Wait for Luo's attention.
    After being attracted to Hogsmeade, he used secret passages to sneak into Hogwarts...
   
   But that guy probably didn't expect him to succeed, did he?
    Lockhart frowned and asked, 
   Such a rough plan, even if we don't intervene, they won't succeedMoody was not at a loss when it came to speculating about Voldemort's intentions:   Who knows, maybe it was just to test our defenses, but we didn't want to startle the enemy, so we pretended that someone was going to assassinate Fudge, but he was actually planning to attack someone from Hogwarts,
    he said.Seeing that Moody had already figured it out, Lockhart didn't need to enlighten him anymore:    That is to say, he could have chosen anyone at random to carry out the plan, but he chose Ludo Bagman just to confuse the public.
   Moody muttered to himself, 
   Yeah... It's just that I don't quite know who their target is, Fudge? Not like. Dumbledore? It's impossible. Then there's only...
   
   Harry Potter.
    Lockhart said the answer with him.And Lockhart knew better than Moody. He knew that the bones of Voldemort's father, Old Riddle, were buried in Little Hangleton.Since Barty Jr. allowed Ludo Bagman to be exposed, Voldemort must have obtained his father's bones at this time, and the two must have moved to other places.In other words, Voldemort was only a stone's throw away from being resurrected.Lockhart decided that after the new year, he must go to No. 12 Grimmauld Place as soon as possible to get rid of the locket that Regulus hid there.In this way, after Voldemort's resurrection, there are only three of his Horcruxes left: the Resurrection Stone, Nagini, and Harry.etc!No... I was fooled!   Has Principal Dumbledore gone to Little Hangleton?
    Lockhart asked anxiously.Seeing Lockhart's anxious expression, Moody seemed a little puzzled:    He's already gone... What, are you worried that he will be killed? Don't worry, even if that bastard is still in his prime, he is not Dumbledore's opponent...
   
   No.
    Lockhart shook his head with a wry smile, 
   It's not that, I just suddenly remembered... Alas, Voldemort is also proficient in modifying people's memories, we have been tricked again this timeVoldemort could obviously use the power of Little Crouch to modify Bagman's memory, making the Aurors think that Bagman was under the Imperius Curse elsewhere, but he didn't do so, even though he didn't know that Bagman Mann's whereabouts are well investigated, as is the investigation.But Voldemort's temptation was not that simple, and it wasn't just Huo that he wanted to test.Gwartz's guards are strong and weak.If it was only a few ordinary Aurors who went to Little Hangleton to check the situation, then Voldemort could draw a conclusion—that is, the wizarding world has not realized Voldemort's return at all, and he can be bolder next.But if it was a known member of the Order of the Phoenix, or Dumbledore, who went to check the situation, it could only show that the Order of the Phoenix had realized the seriousness of the problem, and Voldemort and Barty Jr.'s next move would be more secretive.And now Dumbledore has rushed to Little Hangleton...
   ...What a pity, they must have set up an alarm or a trap in Little Hangleton, waiting for Headmaster Dumbledore to come! Although the headmaster is unlikely to encounter an accident, as long as he appears there, Voldemort will probably know immediately We're already on guard against him,
    concluded Lockhart.Moody was silent after hearing this--this had not even occurred to him, and it seemed likely to be true.There are so many tricks. 
   Moody commented rather unhappily, 
   It seems that I have to discuss it with the principal... Gilderoy, remember to come to the Hogwarts Chamber of Secrets after the New Year, where our Order of the Phoenix's New Year's duel training will be held. If you are still dissatisfied with your fighting power or fighting skills, you can ask Dumbledore for advice.Lockhart nodded, 
   Okay.Chapter 340 No One Knows How to Poach a Corner Better Than MeFor Lockhart, the biggest variable of this little accident at the Yule Ball was the Resurrection Stone.This means that Voldemort's plan has changed a lot compared to what Lockhart knew. Apart from confirming that Voldemort still needs his father's bones and Harry's blood, he no longer knows what the other party will do next.More importantly, Voldemort will definitely take the Resurrection Stone, which is the Deathly Hallows and Horcrux, from his hometown. If he wants to destroy this Horcrux next time, he will have to think of other ways. Dumbledore cannot be expected to destroy it up....etc!Lockhart suddenly thought of something.If it was in the animation, a light bulb must have lit up in Lockhart's head at this time.Now Voldemort is inconvenient to move, so it must be Little Crouch who takes care of him, and he must not be able to hide the matter of Voldemort getting back the resurrection stone.So can you use this to make an article?The next few days were uneventful, whether students, professors or Ministry of Magic staff were still immersed in the Christmas atmosphere, as if nothing had happened.And Lockhart also took this opportunity to give his second work report at the pure blood reception.He introduced the local situation to these Snake wizards, and used it as a credit for himself: All in all, we have established a firm foothold in the local area and united [-] wizards in Nigeria. Muggle's best line of defense, besides us, whether it's BP, Shell or whateverCorporations want to extract oil at four times our cost.Lockhart's report caused applause from the wizards present, especially those from Mr. Farley and Lucius Malfoy.According to what Lockhart said, almost everyone who invested in the stock could get a lot of money from it. It only took a few months to pay back the capital, and the rest will be pure profits.These profits are converted into tens of millions of pounds, and these figures will continue to increase in the not-too-distant future.At this time, the purebloods felt a sense of relief—the family business handed down from their ancestors, they finally did not ruin it, and even had a surplus.Before that, the sword of Damocles named    Sit and Eat Mountain and Sky
    had been hanging over their heads.The lessons learned from the complete decline of the Gunter family are right in front of them. No one wants to become like them, but they have been watching helplessly that their family is also slipping in that direction. Pretending to be ostentatious in front of ordinary wizards: This feeling is really inhumaneBut now all these unpleasant pasts have disappeared, and a bright and broad road has appeared in front of them, and all they need to do is to stand firmly on this road and squeeze out other people who also want to go up.Regardless of how to achieve this new monopoly alliance, there is an urgent problem for the purebloods to solve, and that is whether to convert all profits into gold and pile them into their own treasury.Lockhart's plan for so long is actually for this moment, how could he let this group of short-sighted people get away with it.He told these pure-bloods that only a part of the oil company's profits will be used for dividends, and the rest will be invested in the company's expansion, because the opportunity is rare.   The new president of BP is about to take office. His campaign policy is to divide several oil fields owned by the company into small pieces, then auction them off separately, and then use the money raised in the capital market to annex other oil companies. I plan to use In the name of our company, it is a rare opportunity to take pictures of these oil fields with relatively rich oil and gas reserves.In addition, the company also needs a sum of money to purchase Muggle equipment-of course, according to the agreement between us and the Prime Minister, we must purchase British products and use the services of British companies. 
   The purebloods understand Lockhart's strategy.These people are wizards and dignitaries, and they can be regarded as the first group of wizards who 
   see the world with their own eyes
   . When ordinary wizards were still ignorant of the Muggle world, they had already used it in the villas on their own family territory. Muggle items of all kinds.So they naturally know that if the Sniff Drilling Company wants to continue to make money, it must be inseparable from the support of the Muggle government.
   So, how much bonus can we get?
    A pure blood asked eagerlyIt is not afraid to be ridiculed. The money these pure bloods used to buy shares was almost all their wives' dowry books or even their own coffin books, because if they didn't spend so much money, they would not even participate in the investment with 
   Sacred 28
    qualifications.But it is precisely because of this that they are already cash-strapped and need money to get through this embarrassing time.Although they can understand the logic of 
   in order to make more money, we have to invest more money
   , if the result of 
   playing big fish with a long line
    is that they will starve to death the next day, then they may not accept it .
   We tentatively set the dividend as 10% of the profit.
    Lockhart looked at the report in his hand:    However, because we have hedged through the futures market, the handling fee and commission must be paid to the trader. speculative profitWe have to pay 20% of the capital gains tax; the extracted oil is traded in the UK, so we have to pay the British value-added tax; those of us who are named on the Muggle side have to pay a high personal income tax, which is a progressive tax rate; After being converted into gold, there is still a 6% depreciation of physical gold, plus the handling fees of the Bank of England and Gringotts...
   All the pure-blood wizards let out a groan in unison—no matter who they were, when paying taxes, his mood always becomes bad.Finally, some people couldn't bear their temper:    Just tell me, what is the number?
   Lockhart did not continue to tease, but simply reported a number
   ...the final amount was 140 million Galleons,
    he said.The wizards present were all overjoyed, especially the wizard who asked the question just now. His family’s shareholding ratio is 2%, which means that he can get 2 galleons at a time, enough for him to pay off his debts and renovate the family’s ancestral home. house.
   Ha, I can buy a new wagon!
    the guy yelled.Although the performance of this pure-blooded wizard was slightly out of character, which was not in keeping with his noble status, all the wizards present magnanimously chose to forgive him, because not only him, but almost everyone could hardly contain the joy in their hearts.For example, Lucius Malfoy, after hearing the dividend figure, he unconsciously crossed his legs on the sofa, and he didn't even notice that his family's snake-headed silver crutch slipped and fell on the ground.As the largest investor in this oil business, the Malfoy family can enjoy a quarter of the income, which is a dividend of 35 Galleons, which is ten times the total donation they promised to the Slytherin Alumni Association in the next few years more.Not to mention that this is just the beginning—the 140 million galleons are just a quarterly profit dividend, not even the total annual profit. After they acquire the oil fields of British Petroleum, they can earn more .maybe from next yearIn the beginning, the money was more than all his investments combined.But Malfoy was a rich man anyway, so while the numbers surprised him, he was the first to recover from that ecstasy.He picked up the cane calmly, and asked Lockhart, 
   How much tax did we pay?
   Lockhart said without hesitation, 
   I paid a tax equivalent to 95 Galleons.
   The consequences of his words were disastrous - how much the wizards had been happy when they heard 140 million Galleons before, and how annoyed they were when they heard the tax figure.Even Mr. Farley was surprised:    How much?
   
   Paid 95 Galleons in taxes.
    Lockhart repeated, 
   And we avoided some taxes, if not more.
   There is no way, some of these pure-blood wizards are almost unable to hold on, if they are not in a hurry to turn their profits into gold, in fact, Lockhart can find a way to continue to avoid taxes.But there is no way, he now needs a sum of money to boost the confidence of wizard investors, so in the case of being eager to cash out, he can only accept blackmail from the British Muggle government.Travers was a common tax collector in the magic world, and he was the first to be unable to sit still after hearing this number.
   Why do we have to pay so much tax?
    he demanded. 
   This is blackmail! Are we being blackmailed by a bunch of Muggles?
   Not even my dad... Bah, not even the Ministry of Magic dared to tax us pure-blood wizards that much - that's Travers' subtext.The reason why these purebloods agree to pay taxes to the Muggle government is because they think that if they want to make money from the Muggles, they have to show their sincerity first.But they did not expect that the price of this 
   sincerity
    would be so high——Already nearly half of the income has been handed over to the Muggle government.
   
   
Chapter 165   
   
   Seeing that they were all dissatisfied, Lockhart secretly laughed in his heart that the business was coming.It's fine if you didn't enter this game, you've already entered this game, are you afraid that you won't be able to escape?
   There's a reason for this one.
    He was ready to fool around, 
   This time it's mainly because we were too eager to cash out, so we couldn't avoid the taxes that could have been avoided. In fact, there are many channels for Muggles to avoid taxes. .”
   Tell me.
    Some people didn't seem to believe that Lockhart was proficient in everything.But he was wrong, because there is nothing in this world that knows how to dig a corner better than a mouse that lives in a hole in a wall.Lockhart suddenly came alive:   This complicates things...the UK is called a 'tax haven' by Muggles for a reason, because it has a RND tax system called the 'Non-Residence Clause'.If you are willing, we can find a way to make you legally recognized by the British government as 
   high-net-worth individuals
   . There are no special taxes to bear.Even after 7 years, you only need to pay tens of thousands of galleons of tax every yearChapter 340 The Economic Foundation of the Order of the PhoenixNeedless to say, Lockhart once again came out on top.Because no wizard knows more about the rules of the Muggle world than he does, and even most Muggles may not know half as much as Lockhart knows about the government.After the oil companies started to make a profit, the pure-blood wizards suddenly found that if they wanted to avoid the bone-shattering taxes of the Muggle government, they needed to rely on Lockhart instead.Before the general meeting of shareholders was held, some members of the Snake faction really planned to take advantage of Lockhart's 
   unsteady stand
    issue, and wanted to play a trick of crossing the river and tearing down the bridge, so as to hold the golden hen of the oil company into their own hands. hand.But as Lockhart explained the doorway to them, they suddenly realized that they couldn't do anything except invest.Because they don't understand.They found that if they want to kill the donkey now, then Loha specifically said that they will not give them tax avoidance, even if they want to fool them, they have nothing to doEver since, under the knowing eyes of several wizards, the shareholder meeting came to an end peacefully, as if everyone just came to eat and drink.Although Lockhart didn't know what these people were planning behind their backs, in his mind something would happen sooner or later, but Sirius would say it outright, and the Snake Wizards would evaluate each other's strengths. Never let go when you grasp it.In Lockhart's view, he earned the money himself. In fact, he was the one who took the risk. The purebloods were not so much invested as they lent him the money.It is magnanimous for me to allow them to take a little interest, so how can I let themDo they sit back and enjoy it?Of course, Lockhart also knows that what he is doing now is no different from those two-five-year-old executives who conspired to play the boss's management buyout, but he did it with confidence.If people from He Guo Li Min engage in MBOs, that is Charlemagne; if people with great ambitions and talents engage in MBOs, that is Macbeth.Only Gemma Farley was still grimacing - because her father wanted her to figure out what Lockhart was doing, but she really couldn't understand math.Christmas came after New Years, and the Ministry of Magic borrowed a batch of red magic lanterns from Hogwarts, imitating the Muggle New Year's Lantern Festival, and held it in Hogsmeade.Lockhart was a little surprised by this batch of red lanterns - because judging from the style, they were all oriental.Dumbledore told him that these magical lanterns had been stored in Hogwarts for a long time, and there were these things in the storage room of Hogwarts when he was still in school (fragment from 
   Hogwarts: Legacy   ) , was a gift from the other party during the UK-China magic exchange meeting.Lockhart thought about it carefully. Dumbledore should have looked like 100 years ago, around 1890, when he went to school. It is estimated that the Chinese wizards who came to England at that time still had braids.After the excitement, the members of the Order of the Phoenix rushed to the Hogwarts Chamber of Secrets one after another, preparing to accept Dumbledore's 
   inspection
    thereHere Lockhart only saw about 20 people. If there were only so many people in the Order of the Phoenix, Lockhart would never believe it.At least the few members of the Order of the Phoenix he knew were not here, such as the Ministry of Magic staff he met by chance, Mrs. Figg, and the headmaster's brother Aberforth.It seems that all the wizards who came today have certain combat abilities.Because they are all their own people, Dumbledore didn't say much.He told the Order of the Phoenix bluntly that Voldemort had returned, just not yet in a stable, magically charged body.The body destroyed by Lily Potter's dying magic was obtained by Voldemort after several dangerous magical transformations. Dumbledore believed that with Voldemort's character, the body he wanted to get when he returned could never be worse than the last time. So there's a good chance he'll use Harry's blood.Lockhart was deeply impressed by the headmaster's judgment.Indeed, Voldemort is a pure man who stands up wherever he falls. In his opinion, since Lily's magic destroyed his former body, the body rebuilt with this magic is naturally stronger than the original one. .This is probably the so-called 
   join if you can't beat it
   ?Dumbledore had seen through Voldemort.In view of the fact that Voldemort may be resurrected at any time and launch a terrifying revenge on the wizarding world, it is necessary for the members of the reorganized Order of the Phoenix to pick up their fighting skills again.This is the so-called 
   training
   .However, before the start of the training camp, Lockhart announced a donation of 20 Galleons to the Order of the Phoenix under everyone's amazed eyes, which would be used as the activities of the members of the Order of the Phoenix.After the oil company and Extraordinary Pharmacy were established, Lockhart did a little calculation and knew that he would no longer need to worry about lack of money in the wizarding world, so instead of being a miser, it is better to take a small part of the savings Come out and help the Order of the Phoenix.Compared to the Death Eaters, the biggest shortcoming of the Order of the Phoenix is ​​not the combat effectiveness of its personnel, but the lack of money.The people who followed Grindelwald in the first place, and Voldemort who carried a banner similar to Grindelwald, the political forces behind them are those wizarding families whose family business has been attacked by Muggles. Although many Death Eaters have settled down, they are actually not Not so short of moneyBut the Order of the Phoenix is ​​a civilian force, and many people need to have a serious job to survive. Fighting against the dark forces will take up a lot of their time and energy. During this period, it is difficult for their lives to be guaranteed.It would be fine if we were all Lupine and Sirius, who could feed the whole family without hunger, but there are quite a few people with families like Mr. Weasley, and not everyone has an iron man. Rice is not WanThey may be able to abandon themselves for the ideals in their hearts, but their family members cannot. If you want them to dedicate their family members to fight against evil, if this is the case, which one is more evil, the Order of the Phoenix or the Death Eaters?During the first Voldemort Rebellion, the expenses of the robber foursome became a problem for a while. Because Sirius was expelled from the family tree at that time, he could not use any of the property of the Black family, and Lupine and Pettigrew could not use it. None of them have jobs, and their lives are basically taken care of by the old Potter couple, that is, Harry Potter's grandparents.But not every member of the Order of the Phoenix can have the wealth of James Potter, which is also doomed to the members of the Order of the Phoenix will inevitably have some worries in their hearts during the fight against Voldemort.Don't look at Dumbledore who can pretend to say in front of Harry, 
   My property is too much, you can smash it as much as you like
   , but judging from Dumbledore's relics, his property is mainly those magical magic props, but In fact, there is not much hard currency, and it is impossible for him to bear the expenses of all members of the Order of the Phoenix.So Lockhart's donation of this money is not so much sponsoring justice as it is to let the members of the Order of the Phoenix have no worries in life, or to put it a little harder, it is to let them die without any worries. Read this.Others didn't know what Lockhart was thinking, they only thought it was Lockhart's 
   high integrity
   , which made Lockhart feel somewhat guilty.But fortunately, Dumbledore immediately relieved him of his embarrassment—he announced that heIt is necessary to play in person and use the method of field teaching to test the strength of the members.No wonder many non-combatants were absent.Chapter 350: The Enemy of UnityIt can be seen that for this    training camp
   , Dumbledore really put a lot of thought into it.Aside from the fact that the three Unforgivable Curses were useless for some reason, it was the first time Dumbledore used black magic in front of everyone, which surprised Lockhart very much.He was not surprised that Dumbledore knew black magic, but that he actually needed to use black magic when dealing with people like himself. Most members of the Order of the Phoenix couldn't even lift a wand when they met Dumbledore. Well, there's absolutely no need for him to do this.For example, Sirius, who is currently receiving 
   education
   , used firearms as Lockhart suggested after the stun spell and binding spell failed, and he wanted to give Dumbledore a good look.But Dumbledore didn't even read the spell, and a green ghost exuding a dark aura appeared in front of him, corroding the bullets fired at him in the air, and Lockhart's eyes widened.Although he didn't think that Dumbledore would be knocked down by Muggle guns for a long time, Lockhart was still a little unexpected that he could eliminate the threat of guns with such ease.Sirius didn't trust Muggle guns that much, but after seeing that it was useless to Dumbledore, he turned into a black dog directly, and wanted to compete with Dumbledore through physical hand-to-hand combat.Facing this reckless way of fighting, Dumbledore just shook his head, and then pointed at the transformed SiriusThe big black dog immediately seemed to be suffering from rabies, foaming at the mouth and limp on the ground, completely losing its fighting power.Although Lockhart claimed to be strong, facing the two curses of Dumbledore, heLeng did not recognize it.
   What's that?
    he asked Moody.Moody took out his spherical wine bottle and poured a mouthful of the pale pink potion into his mouth. If he hadn't recognized that it was just a talent potion for 
   replenishing blue
   , Lockhart would have wondered if Moody was also topped. up.
   The front one is the fog of corrosion, and the back one is the curse of weakness.
    Moody told him, 
   The latter curse made us break a lot of good hands back then.
   
   How powerful is the Curse of Weakness?
    Lockhart didn't believe it.
   It wasn't that strong, but Sirius turned into a dog and his resistance to magic became weaker.
    Moody sighed, 
   Animagus can't turn into magical creaturesLockhart thought for a moment and found that it was so.
   No wonder almost no one transforms into combat.
    He understood.Although Sirius was beaten a bit miserably, Dumbledore's use of black magic to abuse rookies was not to pretend to be aggressive, but to let everyone see the fighting methods of the Death Eaters and even the voodoo party back then. understandable.And he didn't just teach people a lesson. After rescuing Sirius, he taught him how to fight.
   When the spell is ineffective and the transformation technique is not good, melee assault is not entirely a wrong choice, but please think about your godson when you rush forward, he won't want to My godfather died for no apparent reason.
    Dumbledore seemed earnest.In the end, Dumbledore suggested that Sirius learn agility and blinding spells, at least learn to disturb the enemy before close combat, and at least drink some Felicia and enhancers in advance.In addition, Dumbledore neither approved of Sirius' use of Muggle firearms, nor said he was wrong.Just tell him to shoot at the enemy if he wants to use a gunHuman bullets should also be enchanted in advance. As long as pure physical damage is not hit, Death Eaters can use spells to eject bullets and heal wounds.Although these potions and alchemy enchantments are a bit expensive, Sirius, who inherited the Black family's treasury, should not be short of this money.After finishing teaching Sirius, Dumbledore immediately began to guide the next person.Don't look at Dumbledore's use of two black magic in one breath just now, but look at his appearance: his magic power doesn't seem to have been consumed at all.The next one to appear is Dedalus Diggle. Lockhart has no impression of this wizard, but since he also came here, he should have two brushes too.It's just that Diggle, the wizard, seems to have a bad brain. When facing Dumbledore, he only used a lot of smoke bombs and stink bombs he didn't know where to buy Several stun spells.Like this person, Lockhart thinks that even he can easily deal with ten of them, but from the comments of the people around him, he may not be the worst one in the Order of the Phoenix.This also made Lockhart lament the poor quality of the Order of the Phoenix personnel.Sure enough, when facing Diggle, Dumbledore didn't use any fancy things, and just used a precise and accurate purple spell to make Diggle fall down.After being cast by the spell, Dedalus Digo suddenly grew many purple mushrooms all over his body, which made him look funny and ridiculous, but the wizards present couldn't laugh at all, because it and Dolojo The husband's unique skill --- a spell that crushes the enemy's heart is too similar.   Be careful, Diggle!
    Dumbledore sighed. 
   Instead of practicing any combat, I personally suggest that you face the target first and practice the Stunning, Disarming and Obstacle spells well.
   Lu Xia means that his foundation is too weak? The enemy let him hit himThey may not be able to hit, so now is not the time to teach him anything.And the next one is going to be stronger—Sturgis Podmore.Although Sturgis Podmore is also a two-time veteran of the Order of the Phoenix, and he looks older, but in fact he is not yet 40 this year, and he is 7 years younger than Arthur Weasley.When Mr. Weasley graduated, he had just entered HogwartsThis wizard can be said to be in the prime of his life. He has persisted under Dumbledore longer than Sirius, and after trying many spells to no avail, he was the first to use the Transfiguration technique, conjuring a large Pile up to attack Dumbledore.But using Transfiguration to attack Dumbledore is definitely not a good idea, because Dumbledore turned those bloats into lions, and then turned around and threw him down.Deng Buhe I
    commented that he is well-trained, but his attack method is too direct. It is recommended that he learn a few compound spells, and he needs to think about the following routines after using the transformation.The next person Lockhart knew well - Mr. WeasleyI have to say that Lockhart seems to have underestimated this person who has never shown much combat effectiveness in the original book.Before Mr. Weasley shot, everyone's spell had never worked on Dumbledore, and Lockhart had been guessing who could put pressure on DumbledoreMaybe it's Alastor Moody, maybe it's Kingsley Shaker, or maybe it's his spell sequenced six-strike combo.But he never expected that the first person to hit Dumbledore with a spell was actually Mr. Weasley.Facing Dumbledore, Mr. Weasley was not at all stage frightened—he first used a 
   Pepper Curse
   , which successfully bypassed Dumbledore's 
   Prevention of Malice
   , and made him sneezed; He unleashed on Dumbledore's hair again- an unknown spell, and successfully caused an explosion around him; and after using the bat spell to no avail, Mr. Weasley actually used a growing spell on the ceiling, from which seven Eight octopus tentacles, trying to wrap around Dumbledore's body.Lockhart always felt that if Mr. Weasley's Slug Charm hadn't been bounced back in the end and caused the duel to be ended unexpectedly, he might have seen more ingenious spells.Thinking about it now, this kind of spell that turns inorganic objects into organic life should be regarded as the unique skill of the Weasley family. Whether it is the bat spirit, the slug curse, or turning pustules into worms, Lockhart has never seen it before. That's what other people do.No wonder Dumbledore's original book let Mr. Weasley participate in the guarding of the prophecy ball. It turns out that he really has two brushes.Considering Mrs. Weasley's glorious record of killing Bella in the end, it's hard to say that the Weasleys are just ordinary wizards.You must know that Bella easily taught the four Death Eaters subordinates by herself, and she is the best combat power among the Death Eaters.Even if Mrs. Weasley did it out of 
   maternal love
   , but...a student who doesn't usually study, no matter how extraordinary he is, he can't get a high score in the exam. The premise of wanting to excel is that he has something in his stomach.To be honest, Mr. Weasley's fighting style opened Lockhart's eyes. Strictly speaking, the pepper curse he used is currently the only one that broke through Dumbledore's defense and had an effect on him. The spell, though Lockhart wasn't sure if Dumbledore did it on purpose.Ta Qingcai...
    Dumbledore also had to admit this, 
   But you need to strengthen some strength, Arthur, even if your offensive method is really hard to guard againstThen came Remus Lupine, just like when facing Lockhart, although Lupine's response could not be said to be wrong, but because he lacked enough aggressiveness and oppressive power, he lasted even longer short.In front of the various items he deliberately summoned, Dumbledore directly appeared in front of him without saying a word, and put the green-glowing old wand on Lupine's forehead.
   Avatar—
    Dumbledore called.All the members of the Order of the Phoenix were shocked—it was just an exercise-like gathering—IIL Lao Deng actually wanted to use the Unforgivable Curse?
   Chop your melons one by one.
    Dumbledore read the second half of the sentence.—a pine cone hit Lupine on the forehead, popping a modest bump on his forehead.
   Long defense is bound to fail, Remus, kindness to the enemy is cruelty to one's own... I hope this can teach you a lesson.
   In the silence of everyone, Dumbledore briskly walked back to his side.
   Having said that, this spell is really easy to use, and it's not black magic... Gildero, get ready, it's up to you next.
   Chapter 350Hearing Dumbledore's greeting, Lockhart realized that there is no one in the Order of the Phoenix who has fought against Old Deng so far, only himself, Kingsley Shacklebolt, and Alastor Moody are left.Dumbledore seemed to like to leave the delicious food behind, so Shacklebolt and Moody, the two recognized strongest members of the Order of the Phoenix, were left to be taught by him until the end.
   
   
Chapter 166   
   
   …Wait, so Dumbledore thinks I'm already in the top three in the Order of the Phoenix besides him?Lockhart felt that this was a bit funny. Although he did beat Moody once, Lockhart actually did not have the advantage in the previous rounds of competition. Considering how he was still cracked by Moody after setting many traps in the past, Lockhart Hart doesn't think he can secure Moody now.As for Kingsley Shacklebolt's fineness, Lockhart has not tested it yet, so he doesn't know his strength, but since Dumbledore put him behind him, it shows that old Deng has his own judgment.Even though he was only 
   third
   , compared to the time when Lao Deng thought he was a liar, Lockhart has turned around now, so he simply became more frank and prepared to have a real fight. In the contest.And other members of the Order of the Phoenix are also very curious about this-although they were able to 
   see
    some of Lockhart's strengths from Lockhart's book, how did he do what he said in his book? No one has seen it with their own eyes, and even Mr. Weasley only knows a little bit.The reason why Mr. Weasley can know a little is mainly because of the narrative of his son Ron and the Weasley twins. At that time, Lockhart made a move to get rid of the diary.Now they have the opportunity to see the details of this 
   internationally renowned wizard
   , which cannot but make them curious.
   Attention, Gilderoy...
    Dumbledore said slowly, 
   I will use real dark magic.
   
   Okay.
    Lockhart also made his own preparations.While posing for a duel, he secretly calculated in his mind: because he is not proficient in Transfiguration, no matter whether he can make a breakthrough in the spell, when Dumbledore starts to use Transfiguration, he can only sit back and wait for defeat.So his only chance of winning is probably to carry out a strong attack, and he can't give Dumbledore a chance to distract himself from transfiguration.After Moody announced the start of the duel, Lockhart was not polite, and threw three slimy spheres at Dumbledore.Mr. Weasley's pepper powder can bypass Dumbledore's protection, probably because the spell is white magic and does not contain any malice, so Dumbledore's spell is specially used to defend against malicious black magic It didn't come in handy.Therefore, Lockhart also used a magic ball with almost no lethality in the attack, and he attacked from three directions at the same time, trying to make Dumbledore make a mistake.However, Dumbledore's reaction was extremely fast - in the face of this level of attack, he did not directly resist, but directly controlled a magic ball.As a result, one of Lockhart's three magic balls immediately appeared, and under the guidance of Dumbledore, he rammed into Lockhart's magic ball in turn.Of the three magic balls, two offset each other, and although the remaining one exploded, it did not splash a single bit of Dumbledore. Lockhart had done a useless effort.But Lockhart was not idle at this time, relying on the skill of splitting his mind, his second spell was to reward himself with a silent spell while Dumbledore was controlling the ball.Dumbledore apparently recognized the spell Lockhart had used to strengthen himself:   Is it an invigorating spell? I feel your magic power swell... very good application technique.
   Sure enough, as Moody said, Dumbledore can feel the fluctuations of the enemy's magic power without using magic eyes, just as he has discovered Harvey hiding under the Deathly Hallows' invisibility cloak countless times. .Because the opponent is Dumbledore, so this time Lockhart has no reservations.After the magic boost, the power of Lockhart's spells has also increased to a higher level.He stretched out his wand non-stop, and cast another double spell at Dumbledore.—A strong acid arrow shot out of Lockhart's wand, heading straight for Dumbledore's face, with a hidden 
   soul spike
    wrapped in it
   Hey!
    Dumbledore exclaimed.Facing Lockhart's double attack, Dumbledore just held on to the powerful old wand, aiming at the thorn.With a bang, the acid arrows and soul spikes that were still in mid-air exploded in mid-air, leaving no trace of their bodies, and the blasting airflow that it shot out made all the members of the Order of the Phoenix back one after another. Take two or three steps.
   There is nothing wrong with the use of double magic, but you have overlooked that these two spells are made of magic power. As long as you disturb them a little, they will conflict by themselves, Gilderoy.
    Dumbledore was even in the mood to point out lockhart.But Lockhart responded by firing another acid arrow, almost in exactly the same way as before.Just when the members of the Order of the Phoenix thought that Lockhart's attack would still return in vain, Dumbledore chose to move away.His robe bulged without wind, as if a pair of wings had grown out of thin air from his back, bringing Dumbledore's body over.Then Dumbledore roared: the soul spike fired by Lockhart was shattered.Lockhart giggled in his heart—unexpectedly, his little trick was still discoveredThe.The first attack was just a simple double magic, but the second time he used the spell sequencing technique when firing the soul spike, if Dumbledore still chose to detonate the spike in the acid arrow, then Dumbledore It is very likely to be hit by the other two spikes.But Dumbledore wasn't fooled, and Lightspeed responded.In return, Dumbledore also cast a spell back on Lockhart.Due to his lack of perception, Lockhart was completely unable to recognize the magic in such a short period of time, so he had to call out the silver shield he had    long-term rented
    for two thousand Galleons and block it in front of him.The powerful spell slammed into Lockhart's silver shield with a loud bang, and Lockhart himself was knocked back a step by the force of the spell.After summoning the silver shield, Lockhart still didn't stop.He hid behind the shield, and used the stored spell sequence for the third time—it was estimated that after the duel, Lockhart would have to rest for a long time.And the price he paid was naturally rewarding—the three clones of Lockhart and Lockhart walked out from behind the shield together, and pointed their wands at Dumbledore together.Then comes the real action.Chapter 350Lockhart knew very well that whether it was magic power, spellcasting skills or learning talent, he definitely couldn't compare with this old man who was four times his age.No matter how long he struggled, what he would eventually meet would be the end of defeat.It's as if you have mastered Sword God and Martial God in Shilipo, and Wanli Kuangsha in Yinlong Cave, but you still have to kneel when you meet Elder Shi.But this doesn't mean that Lockhart doesn't need to do his best in this test, on the contrary, he must show his full strength.Because this is a 
   testing for the bottom line
   .In Lao Deng's view, in order to achieve his goal, there is nothing in this world that cannot be sacrificed, even his own life.As for the members of the Order of the Phoenix, although Dumbledore really loved them sincerely, if there was a need to sacrifice on the road to designing Voldemort, I am afraid that Dumbledore would send that person to the altar with tears in his eyes.Between the 
   id
    and the 
   superego
   , Dumbledore can always let the 
   superego
    occupy his own personality, and always lead everyone to pursue 
   positive freedom
   . Negative liberty's non-interventionists criticized.From the perspective of an outsider, you can either praise or criticize Dumbledore, but as a member of the game, Lockhart must now think about how to keep himself from being sacrificed, and this is where the contradiction lies.If you want not to be sacrificed, or at least not to be sacrificed easily, you must show your worth.Being rich is certainly a very good value, as is being proficient in politics. With these two, Lockhart can be sure that he will not be used as cannon fodder, and he can alsoIn order to become the cornerstone of maintaining the wizarding political arena after the war.But Lockhart's ambition is not limited to this. What he wants to be a leader is not an important pawn, which means that he needs to show more abilities before he can be regarded as a successor by Dumbledore.A wizard, after all, speaks at the level of spellcasting.Seeing Lockhart's clone, Dumbledore showed interest for the first time
   Each one has magic power? Is it a paper man? Or a skeleton puppet?
    However, Lockhart didn't answer him, and cast four completely different spells at Dumbledore together.The Blazing Curse, the Acid Arrow Curse, the Confusion Curse, and Lockhart's unique skill, the Forgetting CurseSeeing that Lockhart was serious, although Dumbledore's demeanor changed, he still looked very relaxed.The tip of the Elder Wand released a fiery red phoenix that looked like a real entity, incinerating Lockhart's two tangible spells, and Dumbledore didn't even try to dodge the Confusion Curse.The only thing he really took seriously was Lockhart's Oblivion Curse - and saw Dumbledore's long silver hair and beard floating by itself, blooming like antennae.After the light of the Oblivion Curse hit the range of Dumbledore's head, it seemed to be attracted by something, and it melted in front of Dumbledore like snow falling into a frying pan.Others couldn't see it, but Moody knew that Dumbledore finally used the technique of splitting his mind, and then blocked Lockhart's magic one by one.Even though Lockhart had tried his best to attack, it was still not enough to fight against someone of Dumbledore's level.Probably feeling that he had tried enough, Dumbledore took off the pointed wizard hat on his head, and threw it on the ground.Under everyone's surprised eyes, the wizard's hat that was supposed to be deflated first bounced twice on the ground, and then a rabbit jumped out from the middle of the hat.Without saying a word, Lockhart raised his hand and cast a spell, hitting the rabbit.Although he doesn't know what this rabbit is for, it's better to get rid of him as soon as possible.This big gray rabbit, harmless to humans and animals, was directly hit by Lockhart's spell under the watchful eyes of everyone.After being hit, the rabbit let out an extremely shrill cry, and then 
   fluttered
    and turned into a huge easter egg.Lockhart looked at the easter egg hesitantly, then decided to let the two clones deal with it, and continued to put pressure on Dumbledore himself.But Dumbledore smiled and put away the Elder Wand, as if the duel was over.Before Lockhart could figure out what it was for, the eggs on the ground trembled and cracked a few cracks, and a puff of steam sprayed from the cracks to the ceiling.After spraying for a second or two, the egg suddenly exploded, dozens of throwing knives shot out from the egg shell, and directly stabbed Lockhart.Lockhart was taken aback, and quickly commanded the clone to squat down with him, and used the Iron Armor Curse, trying to block the flying knives.But after these flying knives flew over their heads, they suddenly turned into rabbits again.While Lockhart was stunned, the rabbit fell from the sky and stuffed a carrot into its own mouth, shouting 
   I have a surprise for you
    in its three-petal mouthLockhart lowered his eyes subconsciously, and looked at the 
   carrot
   . It's not a carrot, but a firecracker with a ignited fuse!After a few bangs, while members of the Order of the Phoenix were stunned, Lockhart's clone was completely blown up, and his face was also blackened by the gunfire.
   Bah, bah...
   Lockhart put away his wand in embarrassment, and then spat hard, trying to spit out the residue of the firecracker in his mouth.Cut, what about 
   true black magic
   ?This is black magic?Of course, since the rabbit can stuff firecrackers into its mouth for pranks, it can also stuff more powerful explosives or deadly poisons. This duel can be said to be a decisive battle.He originally wanted to use the newly created avatar technique to pretend to be a force, but he didn't expect it to become a piece of debris before it worked. It didn't feel very good.Dumbledore raised his head and laughed, and it was obvious that the old urchin hadn't been this happy for a long time.Only then did the members of the Order of the Phoenix who were watching the battle come to their senses, and laughed along with Dumbledore.There wasn't much time to see Lockhart make a fool of himself, and they had to seize every minute of it to enjoy the scene.
   Clean it up.
    Lockhart hurriedly cleaned off the residue of firecrackers on his body, and also the traces of soot and soot on his face.Dumbledore stepped forward, with a look of narrowness on his face.
   Sorry, Gildero... Your spell didn't bring out your full potential. You need a finishing spell that suits you. If you don't mind, come to me later and I'll teach you a new spell.
    He said.Although he was ugly, if he could get a powerful new magic, then Lockhart felt that he would not be at a loss.
   What magic?
    Lockhart asked curiously.Dumbledore didn't intend to make a fool of himself either:    It's similar to the 
   Soul Spike
    you used in the sneak attack just now, it can be said to be its advanced spell, called 
   Soul Torrent
   
   almost?Lockhart felt that although he had already mastered no less than 20 languages, he still needed to relearn English.Chapter 350 Three Emotions Are Not IdealisticAfter being repulsed by Dumbledore, Kingsley Shacklebolt was next to go.After cleaning up the duel field, Lockhart retreated consciously, found a corner and began to rest.His performance in this round is undoubtedly amazing. Although he did not last as long as Mr. Weasley, and the way of defeat was somewhat humiliating, anyone who knows the goods can see that his confrontation is undoubtedly stronger than other People are taller.To put it bluntly, if Dumbledore really puts out all his strength to fight them, I am afraid that everyone present is not enough for Old Deng to do it in a minute, so the time spent on failure is actually not a measure of their power. Their only problem is How much strength can Lao Deng be forced to use.Lockhart's burst of strength in a short period of time is amazing, but it also consumes a lot.While Spell Sequencing does not consume more mana, casting spells does consume too much emotional energy.Although things like 
   emotions
    seem idealistic, according to the research results that Lockhart read from Muggle medical journals, human emotions themselves are also a kind of human energy, and using this energy requires effort of.It's like when people feel bored with ordinary work after watching a magnificent movie or a small movie with big boys, and after playing exciting computer games, it is difficult for students to be interested in books again. generate sufficient concentration.The emotional energy and concentration that a person can use in a day is actually limited. After spending too much energy on exciting and exciting things, even if there is still time left, it will be difficult for him to keep studying and working in the remaining time. high efficiency.Through further research, scientists discovered that emotions actually have high and lowfrequency difference.Negative emotional energy often has low-frequency characteristics, and positive emotional energy has high-frequency characteristics.When a person is in a positive mood, because the frequency is higher, the signal-to-noise ratio and resolution of the signal in the brain will also become higher, making it easier for people to focus.On the contrary, negative emotions will only make people feel self-pity and distracting thoughtsLockhart's 
   Sequencing of Spells
    is a new spell-casting technique born from the improvement and analysis of Muggle emotion theory based on a certain spell in the Book of Spells.He can adjust his emotions, and each frequency can be fixed within a range in a short period of time. During this period, he can empty the magic power stored in his body at one time, and use that fixed frequency to release it.Such power is naturally huge, but in addition to consuming magic power, it also consumes a lot of emotional energy.Therefore, after the duel, Lockhart has now entered a state of numbness, and he can be neither happy nor angry, flattered or surprised by any stimulation from the outside world.Looking at the duel in the center of the Chamber of Secrets, even though Dumbledore had already experienced more than a dozen people's round-the-clock battles, he still seemed to be able to handle the duel with Kingsley with ease. This also made Lockhart wonder whether Old Deng had no feelings or was too emotional Rich.He was able to control his emotions so well, obviously he had been able to switch between high frequency and low frequency freely, otherwise he would never have been able to use white magic at once, — he would use black magic, and his expression was so relaxed.You must know that the reason why Professor Flitwick's 
   rising tone
    and 
   falling tone
    theory can be established is mainly because people's emotions cannot switch too quickly, so it is necessary to adjust the emotional frequency by raising and lowering the tone. , so that the effect of spellcasting will become better for ordinary people.If Dumbledore has really reached the realm of 
   do whatever you want without transgressing the rules
    as Confucius said, then I am afraid that everyone present will not be his opponent, becauseHe can beat everyone in terms of spellsSure enough, Kingsley Shaker was also defeated not long after.The reason why he lost so quickly was not because he was weak, but because Dumbledore believed that his combat system was already quite perfect, and he would just make progress step by step, and there was no need to spend too long with him, so he used A Refracting spell hit him from an angle Kingsley couldn't see.The whole body of Kingsley who was hit seemed to be caught in the hands of a giant. He was thrown up and then patted down. When he fell, he even injured his shoulder.In the end, because it ended too quickly, Lockhart still didn't figure out what Kingsley's fighting style was.
   
   
Chapter 167   
   
   And Moody, who drank the talent potion all night, finally returned to the level of his youth.He took his wand and prepared to have a good fight with Dumbledore while he still had some strength.Seeing him play, Dumbledore's expression showed a trace of regret.Although Moody told Lockhart that he wasn't lying when he said his magic eye was called 
   The All-Seeing Eye
   , he wasn't telling the whole truth.The name 
   All-Seeing Eye
    is what the Muggle Church called it. They thought it was a blessing from the gods and represented God's all-knowing and omnipotent power.But Dumbledore and the others know that it also has a name called 
   Blue Magic Eye
   , or 
   Evil Eye
   , 
   Eye of Jealousy
   , which is a familiar symbol in the Greek-Turkish Mediterranean area.Wearing it can not only enhance the wearer's magic power and allow the wearer to see through invisibility and illusions, but it also has a hidden ability - that is, if the wearer has strong jealousy, it can make the person stared at by him target in doomUnknowing Muggles thought it could ward off evil spirits, so they imitated the blue magic eye.Zizi made a lot of amulets and sold them to tourists. If ordinary people travel to European and American countries, they can often see imitations of these amulets in handicraft souvenir shops.Alastor Moody, in order to fight against the Death Eaters back then, knowing that he would pay the price of insanity, still wore the genuine product of this magic eye.Although Dumbledore objected to him doing this, Moody's attitude was firm and he expressed his willingness to sacrifice to fight against evil, so Dumbledore finally agreed to him reluctantly.Because Alastr is 
   revenge
    and Moody is 
   mood changeable
   , Dumbledore cannot prevent Moody from taking legitimate revenge, and at least as far as Moody is concerned, he will never Will abuse the forbidden power of this magic eye.
   Actually, you don't need to be like this, Alastor.
    Dumbledore said slowly, 
   Everyone knows you well and trusts you, and you also know my opinion of that magic eye.
   
   Thank you for your trust, Albus, but I can't trust myself anymore.
    Moody's voice was also low, 
   I want to see how much I can do now.
   Everyone here knows how stubborn Moody is, so Dumbledore just persuaded him and didn't say anything.
   Come on, then,
    Dumbledore motioned, 
   I'll try to hurry.Chapter 350 Four Small GangsThe defeated Kingsley Shacklebolt rubbed his dropped shoulder, staggered to sit beside Lockhart, and cast a bone-setting spell on himself.
   Ah, it feels better now,
    he exclaimed with satisfaction.Seeing his exaggerated performance, Lockhart vaguely felt that he seemed to be planning to say something to himself.
   Hello, Shacklebolt.
    Lockhart took the initiative to say hello, 
   You performed very well just now.
   Although it was the first time to speak face-to-face like this, Kingsley seemed very familiar:    My family knows my own affairs, and I don't have much room for improvement.
   
   It's okay, there should still be time for training.
   Although Lockhart said this out of politeness, the words themselves were not false.After all, it has only been two and a half years since he took office at Hogwarts. During this period, all he did was to train himself extremely self-disciplined for 2 hours a day, and the result has reached this point.As long as you give people like Kingsley professional iP11 training for half a year, they really may not be worse than you.But this is clearly not what Kingsley was going to say:   I'm so busy in the Ministry of Magic right now that I sometimes think, if only I could split myself into five and use it...
   Hearing what he said, Lockhart realized that the other party was aiming at the clone magic he had improved.For the comrades-in-arms of the Order of the Phoenix, Lockhart felt that he should not be too stingy, not to mention that Kingsley is one of the few people in the Order of the Phoenix who can understand politics. It's as simple as learning magic.But Lockhart didn't care.
   If you're just dealing with simple official duties, that magic is capable, but it might be better to go directly to training portraits.
    He told Kingsley.Kingsley somewhat understood Lockhart's magic mechanism:    You mean that your clone used the Portrait Charm and then materialized it.
   In the magical world of 
   Harry Potter
   , wizards can leave their own magical portraits.Although the appearance of these magic portraits is exactly the same as that of the owner, it does not mean that it has the same magic power and wisdom as the owner. It is just a mechanical 
   program
    that will instinctively imitate the habitual actions of its original body.If you want these portraits to have more skills, then it needs to be trained by the portrait's owner.For example, when Dumbledore knew that he had only one year to live, he spent a whole year training his portrait so that it could play a role in the crusade against Voldemort.In fact, Kingsley also has a few magics similar to clones and illusions, but it can only confuse the enemy, and it is completely impossible to use magic like Lockhart just now. Every clone can even use magic. different magic.But if it's a portrait spell plus some magic storage technology, it would make senseLockhart affirmed Kingsley's judgment:    Yes, so the clone with the better effect?The more iP11 training time is needed...
   Speaking of this, Lockhart seemed a little regretful:    I spent a lot of time training those three clones, and the principal destroyed them all.
   Kingsley nodded thoughtfully, and then suddenly remembered something, showing a suddenly realized expression.
   Ah?? I see. No wonder you like to hang photos and portraits of yourself in your residence and office. It turns out that you are using your daily time to train your avatar! When Ogden told us about this, we thought you yes…
   Kingsley stopped his mouth in time, so he didn't say the following words out of his mouth.Of course Lockhart knew what he wanted to say, and it was nothing more than 
   narcissist
    or something.It's a pity that I misunderstood you. 
   I
    was narcissistic at the time, so I hung up my own photos in my residence.And the inspiration for Lockhart's avatar magic does come from what the original owner did—after all, not everyone hangs photos of themselves in their home, bedroom, office, or even their mother's house.He originally wanted to burn all these photos to say goodbye to his past self.But there are too many magic photos left by the original owner. Lockhart will inevitably feel like he is killing people, so he didn't do it.In the end, he still thought of a way—instead of burning them on fire, he might as well make use of the waste, hang them in the basement where he trained his spells, and let them watch his usual moves of training spells.When they could use the physical-only spell in the picture frame, Lockhart would take it down, illusionize it to give it a false entity, and use the Spell Order to store three spells for it.Then put on new photos and hang them in the basement, and repeat.Although each of these avatars can only use three of the same spells, Lockhart can take a lot of photos!After figuring out the principle, Kingsley seemed very happy.
   It's a good way, I can spread the word to my colleagues in the Auror office,
    he said.
   Great, Scrimgeour and Robards will be delighted.
    Lockhart echoed.It's not that Lockhart didn't know that Kingsley 
   later
    became the Minister of Magic.Might become a thing for his opponent, but he's not stingy enough to get offended by it TtdT芾After all, it is a matter of the 
   future
   , and the 
   future
    is not destiny. He does not believe that the current Order of the Phoenix will be so embarrassed when facing Voldemort that its main force will be exhausted, and it has to rely on a quasi-first-class person like Kingsley The point of the pillar.In the original book, he succeeded in successfully inheriting Deng Xiaoping by relying on his responsible performance against Voldemort with McGonagall and Slughorn in the Battle of Hogwarts, and his performance in stabilizing the Muggle army when he was an assistant to the Muggle Prime Minister. The political legacy left by Bullido.Now, the biggest communication channel for Muggles is Lockhart, and there are no less than seven or eight people in the Order of the Phoenix who have magical powers similar to Kingsley. Considering him, it was difficult for Kingsley to have that kind of ambition.To put it bluntly, things like ambition are developed step by step. Even a 
   man of destiny
    like Jack Ma, he will not dream of being the richest man before he is in his early years. to think about thatSo what Kingsley asked him to talk about must be other things.Sure enough, Jin Sicai began to reveal his real purpose.
   Robards is recruiting Aurors sent to Nigeria by the government.
    He said to Lockhart seemingly casually. 
   I heard there is a shortage of people in Lupine? You know, I am also of Hausa blood, and I Knows Hausa, Yoruba and Igbo, and my mother kept nagging me to go back to my hometown to see it.
   Lockhart knew what he wanted:    It's sorely lacking, and what's most lacking is theTo train the instructors of the security forces.Only the locals can govern the locals, and we can't help the local wizards. 
   
   Wish I could change some of that.
   
   Of course you can! The Sniff Drilling Company will donate to the Auror Office for thisYes, in return for the Ministry of Magic's protection of overseas citizens. 
   When Kingsley heard this, he knew that there was no need to say any more.If you take money from someone, you have to speak and do things for that person. This is not even an unspoken rule.At this moment, the final duel in the chamber was decided.Although Moody's resistance was heroic, when he passed the point where Dumbledore's last 
   missed
    spell pointed, many green spots suddenly grew on his wooden artificial leg. The branch bound him firmly in it, unable to move.Although this is also not a black magic, considering that the opponent is Moody, there is no need for Dumbledore to use it on him, because he has seen enough.Lockhart could be proud now, because he was the only one present who made Dumbledore use Transfiguration to solve the battle, and even Moody was knocked down by the Growth Curse.Probably, besides Voldemort, the only ones who can enjoy such treatment are Professor Flitwick and Snape, right?Dumbledore taught everyone a lesson without using Transfiguration - who said a duel was just about wands being thrown at each other?How could magic be such an inconvenience?Chapter 350 Five Entrusted with Important ResponsibilitiesAfter the bout was over, the members of the Order of the Phoenix sat down and chatted for a while.Where there are people, there are rivers and lakes. Although the people of the Order of the Phoenix came together because of their beliefs, or their trust in Dumbledore, when they really started talking, people still unconsciously divided into several factions. .Most of the veterans of the two dynasties, such as Moody's Dorje Podmore and Emmeline Vance, have meritorious service, and they are not too young, so facing the melons like Lockhart and Shaker, they It showed an unconscious alienation similar to that of veterans to recruits.This is not to say what they think of Lockhart, or any generation gap, or comrade-in-arms, but just like the situation explained in 
   Band of Brothers
   -because they don't know when the recruits will die, so at the beginning If you just keep a distance from the recruits, you won't be too sad when the time comes, which is a kind of human body's stress response.Lockhart knew this was happening, but he didn't care.Anyway, this kind of short-term psychological isolation is nothing after everyone is in the same trench, so when he mixes with Kingsley, Hessica, Arthur and Nymphadora Tonks, it is considered a heart attack. No worries.In addition to the veterans and their new recruits who are assigned to each other, people like Lupine and Black who were once suspected of being traitors are also in an awkward position. Mundungus Fletcher of the Mundungus Fletcher is considered 
   unpopular
   But Tonks soon invited Lupine to come and talk together, and Lockhart also took the opportunity of 
   cooperating with the Muggle government
    and 
   the person in charge of Nigeria
    to invite Lupine and Black to talk together , naturally took the other two.And this scene was also seen by Dumbledore.After everyone dispersed, Dumbledore kept Lockhart in the name of teaching magic, but when Lockhart thought he could accept guidance, he realized that what Dumbledore had to say in the end was not the case at all .
   In addition to Alastor, I plan to set up two new secondary command centers in the Order of the Phoenix.
    Dumbledore told Lockhart, 
   So, Gilderoy, are you ready?
   Lockhart was really confused this time:    What preparation?
   
   Prepare to become the pillar of the Order of the Phoenix.
    Dumbledore said with a serious expression, 
   Hogwarts has Minerva, Felius, and Severus staring at it, and it is a very strong iron triangle. But If Alastor is the only one watching outside, I'm a little worried.
   
   So...
    Lockhart's heart was pounding.
   Kingsley has already discussed this issue with me. I originally hoped that he would contact the Muggle government, but he told me that you are obviously more suitable for this work, so he volunteered to contact foreign wizards.
    Dumbledore told him.Lockhart said in his heart that Kingsley Shacklebolt really knows how to play, and with one move, he won the favor of the common people in the Order of the Phoenix, Lockhart's industrial faction, and the Auror Office. He is worthy of being 
   Holy 28 
   Old Leopard pure-blood family memberA man like this, Lockhart must not force him to be his opponent...Why don't you let Kingsley be the Deputy Minister when you are the Minister of Magic?Divide part of his real power and jointly form a cabinet. This can not only increase the political power of his own faction, but also prevent others from saying that he is monopolistic.It's just that now is not the time to think about it carefully, he has to answer Dumbledore's question immediately.
   Of course there is no problem. This is what I am good at.
    He hurriedly told DumbledoreLido promised, 
   Although Sirius and Remus are handed over to me, I will build a command center and have an independent combat force before that person returns.He didn't ask Dumbledore why he did such a thing that was similar to 
   teaching the orphan
   . On the outside, he may be a rising star in the political arena, but in the Order of the Phoenix, he is a soldier, and the only duty of a soldier is to obey orders. Like Forrest Gump, you don’t need to think about anything, just do whatever the officer tells you to doAfter hearing his statement, Dumbledore nodded in satisfaction.However, there is still a lack of veterans who have really experienced wars on your side, and Remus and Sirius are still too young. Dumbledore added in turn, 
   I'll send you another person—Emeline Vance, and my old friend Effias Dorji.Emeline is proficient in identifying the Imperius Curse, but she lacks the ability to fight head-on. Ephias is a special advisor to the Wizengamot, so you can consult him legally. 
   
   It turned out to be those two seniors. I will definitely ask for advice.
    Lockhart hastily agreed.
   Emeline is a stronger person. I hope you don't stimulate her self-esteem. Old people like me are more stubborn.
    Dumbledore added.
   no problem.
   
   If I'm not here, don't contact Alastor and Minerva directly, just contact Aberforth. There is a secret passage leading to Hogwarts behind the Pig's Head Bar.
   
   I see. No wonder your brother won't let us remodel his bar.
   The three members of the Order of the Phoenix that Dumbledore just mentioned did not come here to participate in the 
   training camp
    today. It seems that Dumbledore knows their combat effectiveness well - they all belong to the kind of people who will cause chaos on the frontal battlefield.Dumbledore is not so much giving Lockhart the Cypriot as making him responsibleProtecting them, Lockhart can still understand this.But does this also mean that after today's preliminary test, Dumbledore also regards himself as a member of a reliable combat force?If this is the case, then this is really not easy—since Lockhart became the professor of Defense Against the Dark Arts, he has handed over countless nominations and done countless things for Dumbledore. How many times have you fulfilled your responsibility, how many times have you shown your strength before you get this drudgery.And then it looks like he'll have to carry on.After explaining the matter, Dumbledore finally took out his wand.
   It's almost like this... The spell I'm going to teach you next, it originally required a lot of concentration to cast, and it's relatively difficult, so I didn't plan to popularize it in the Order of the Phoenix.But you are different. Although you can only use your mind in two ways, you have a little skill that can release three spells at the same time, and you are very good at this kind of memory and soul-level magic, and you can control the magic power very well. I After thinking about it, I think you should be able to do it.Although I really want to tell you 
   It doesn't matter if you can't learn it for a while, you can practice 77 slowly, but I can't say that because time is tight... I want you to learn it as soon as possible, and I will set off to find Voldemort's weakness soon .”Seeing that Dumbledore was serious, Lockhart took a deep breath and took out his own wand.
   If you lack talent, make up for it with hard work. Even if I have to use up my stock of Buffy Brain Refreshing Potion and Stimulant Potion in the past three days, I still have to learn it.
   
   
   
Chapter 168   
   
   Chapter 350 Magic Theory Learning for PragmatistsThe magic that Dumbledore called 
   difficult
    is really unusual. After understanding the principle of Soul Torrent, Lockhart still had enough mental preparations, but he still encountered difficulties.The reason why Dumbledore said that it needs the skill of splitting the mind into three parts is because 
   Soul Torrent
    needs to call a person's magic power, emotion and soul power at the same time, and each part needs to control the frequency change and output power, It will be very troublesome if you can't use it for two purposes.After all, he learned the dual-use of mind and the sequence of spells by chance. Lockhart was a little dumbfounded when he encountered this kind of magic that needed real materials to use.Lockhart tried about a dozen times, but still couldn't figure it out, so he could only push back and try again.He wasn't really a genius after all.Fortunately, Dumbledore didn't expect him to learn it right away. After teaching Lockhart the spell and some methods of casting it, Dumbledore asked him to leave Hogwarts to figure it out by himself. Anyway, he should tell him It has already been confessed that it is up to Lockhart himself to do what he can do.Lockhart walked and thought about the new magic, and returned to Hogsmeade before he knew it.At this time, the people in the village were busy removing the red lanterns during the lantern festival. When Lockhart saw it, he took the initiative to help, and wanted to use magic to remove the red lanterns floating in the air one by one.These red lanterns have probably been placed in the grocery store for too long, and they are very unwilling to go back, so each of them is very naughty, floating around in the air, refusing to come down, and the villagers are worried that they will be broken by brute force. Lantern, so it was messed up.Just as Lockhart was competing with the biggest red lantern on top of Jack Pea, the two guests happened to come to the cloud terrace as if they were going to have a drink.Seeing this situation, the guest casually pulled out a wooden sword from behind and pointed at the lantern.After the red lantern was pointed by the wooden sword, the candlelight inside was suddenly extinguished, and the restless body slowly fell down with the string.
   Ah, thank you.
    Lockhart quickly thanked the two guests, 
   I thought this afternoon would be spent here.
   Only then did he notice that the two guests were both yellow-skinned and black-haired, and one of them was the Japanese guest he had met, Mr. Kinomoto, who should be a representative sent by the International Association of Wizards.
   You don't need to be polite, this is our thing.
    One of them said in articulate English.Since they helped him, Lockhart bought the guest a glass of wine by the way, and complimented the other party's superb spells by the way.In line with the humility of the Orientals, the other party said that this is just a specialization in skills.
   Western magic emphasizes spirit and spirit, but lacks energy. This is a pity.
    The guest explained what he just did. 
   That lantern just needs energy to control it.
   
   'What is chi?
    Lockhart wondered.Hearing his question, the guest was at a loss for words.It is not that he does not understand the concept of qi, but it is difficult to express it in English.Seeing this, Mr. Kinomoto next to him took the conversation.After all, it has been a long time since Japan left Asia and entered Europe, and the Japanese have more say in the exchange of ideas between the East and the West.Chen Fang's so-called essence, qi, and spirit can roughly correspond to the magic power, will, and soul in European and American magic. ’ he explained in general terms to Lockhart, ‘Western majorsMagic power, regards will as the initiator of magic power.But in the East, what the Qi refiners major in is 
   God
   , that is, people's mood, emotion and will.
   Hearing this, Lockhart's heart moved.
   So, are there any fellow practitioners in the East who are 'Jing, Qi, Shen' magicians...I mean monks? 
   He asked humbly.The two guests from Asia laughed loudly.After laughing, the guests helped Lockhart reveal the answer:    There is indeed a spell that requires 
   essence, energy, and spirit
    at the same time. It is a sign for us to test a monk to enter the top level. Huo', the monks who can practice that are the treasures of all sects.
   
   So...they are all masters of the three functions of the mind, controlling the essence, qi, and spirit separately to practice that magic?
    Lockhart was a little surprised.
   Dividing the mind into three functions? No, no, no...
    The visitor immediately denied it, 
   Heart without side crossbow is the upper class. The spirit, energy and spirit are all one, so why divide the mind into three functions.
   Lockhart graciously poured a glass of high-strength whiskey for the other party:    Please elaborate, I'm curious.
   People are all vain, and there are not many times when you can see barbarian people humbly asking for advice, let alone asking questions about basic ideas.In addition, several people have already poured a lot of yellow soup, and it is normal for those who have no door on their mouths.
   It's so easy! The heart is the foundation, the body is the use, concentrate on returning to the original, keep the spirit inside, and follow it...
   After drinking the wine and returning, Lockhart found that he had a deeper understanding of that 
   soul torrent
   .If the division of mind into three functions is a modular training method, then the Orientals seem to be more inclined to start from the whole, but in the end they still come to the same goal by different routes.Lockhart didn't think about which one is superior at all. As an excellent politician, pragmatism is their true creed.Just as economic policy is often born out of the theories of economists, but never according to the goals that economists hope to do, a politician must choose the part of the theory that is useful to him according to the actual situation, and never allow himself to be so fanatical that he falls into a trap. Can't extricate ourselves from a certain theory or a certain doctrine.Such behavior of politicians certainly annoys scholars, but what annoys scholars even more is that the results of their actions often work, and scholars can only wait for problems in policy implementation before jumping out and shouting, saying What will happen to Zhuangkouguo according to what I said at the beginning”, but I don’t know that if the theory is followed completely, the policy will only collapse faster.Similarly, Lockhart, who has been immersed in this way for a long time, doesn't care whether this magical theory is authentic or not, and his creed has always been used if it is useful.The Orientals provided him with an overall training method that does not require distraction, but Lockhart is not a wizard trained by the Eastern magic system, so he can only use this theory for reference, and add his own understanding and Use it after modification.Among magic power, emotion, and soul, the only thing that needs him to mobilize temporarily is emotion, so Lockhart decided to continue to play tricks, sequence the magic power in advance, and give it to his second heart to release, and then according to the Eastern theory, with Emotion is the main body to mobilize the soul, and finally complete this magic.After completing the preparations, Lockhart didn't even bother to eat dinner, and took advantage of the night to come to the training ground outside, and released his improved soul torrent to the sky.The result was not the same as Dumbledore's demonstration. Lockhart's soul torrent was a little more pyrotechnic, less soft, and the speed of the magic power was much faster, but the duration was also greatly reduced. cut.What's more, the mana consumption of this thing is really terrible.Lockhart thought on the ground.P.So 
   Let's offer a savior to the infinite world!
    
   The brave men from many worlds gathered in the name of the savior, here is the story of fighting to save civilization, to save the world, to save hope[Teaming up with the protagonist and movie anime characters, entering the original world of different authors to start a unit drama story of adventure and battle][Current scheduled roles: T-800 (Terminator), Jotaro Kujo, Jousuke Higashika, Suzuran, Amiya, Tanjiro Kamado, Tateka Fujimaru (and her friends), Shiro Emiya, Laffey (Blue), Nagato (Blue), Aiden Pierce, Kyle Crane, Gero Kamijou Toma, Dante (3rd generation version), Virgil (3rd generation version), Ashes of No Fire , Hunter (Bloodborne), Faded, Saitama, Superman, etc.]Chapter 350I just sparred with Dumbledore in the morning, and I didn't take a long break before I had another shot. Even though Lockhart claimed that the training was in place, he still had to ask for two days off after this one visit, which made others think This guy hurt his back from playing too much during the festival.During this period, Dumbledore came over to confirm, and after knowing that Lockhart had practiced the magic, he ignored him.Although Lockhart can spend two or three days practicing a high-level magic is very good, but it is still a little short of amazing talent, so Dumbledore's attention quickly shifted to more important things.Like, where did dear little Tom go?Because of Voldemort's threat, Dumbledore decided to hand over the school to Professor McGonagall after the New Year, and he went out to find Voldemort's Horcruxes, trying to destroy a few more before he returned.While Dumbledore is not behind the castle, Lockhart also needs to be more careful, lest Voldemort take advantage of it.But the problem is not so big now—after all, most of the Death Eaters are still in Azkaban, and Hogwarts still has Professor Flitwick and Moody watching, Lockhart can take advantage of this last window Periodically complete your layout.Despite his reluctance, Sirius came to Lockhart as agreed after the Christmas and New Year holidays.Without further ado, Lockhart took him to MI[-], and asked him to work here from now on, clock in at work on time every day, and obey all attendance orders while receiving training.   Don't give him any clerical work. This idiot is not even as good as a junior high school student in arithmetic. Please assign him the most dangerous duty.
    These are the exact words of Lockhart.Mrs. Rimington was helpless:    What you said is also a misunderstanding of us by outsiders. In fact, we really don't have any dangerous missions under normal circumstances.
   
   No?
   
   Yes, no. We spend most of our time collecting intelligence through some formal channels, or using formal means to eliminate foreign spies, and occasionally contacting informants. There are almost no such thrilling gun battles as in the movies.If Mr. Black is not very good at clerical work, then he can go on duty o”As far as the issue of food is concerned, let him do whatever he can, in short, don't let him waste food. 
   Lockhart was very generous. If you just listened to the tone of voice, you might think that he was introducing himself, but he was not.Sirius Xin said that although he was not afraid of any dangerous missions, Lockhart's actions made him always feel like he was being sold.But Lockhart didn't seem to have any self-consciousness, and patted him on the shoulder, encouraging him to do a good job.Damn it, how out of my wits did I have to agree to this guy's job?Sirius couldn't help but wonder.But there is no way, since I promised, I must do it.Besides, even if he doesn't do this, Sirius won't be able to figure out what to do for a while.Of course, neither of them knew exactly how many ways Mrs. Rimington would use to experiment with Sirius, but Lockhart had already agreed with Sirius in advance that no matter what Muggles did to him, he had to at least Work for half a year, and learn their working methods from Muggles.Otherwise, they will suffer, and the information will be leaked, but they have not learned anything from there.How to deal with Voldemort, that would be a miserable loss.After sending Sirius off to work, Lockhart traveled to Malfoy Manor, where he met with two members of the Golden Hand.There, the two 
   nobles
    Malfoy and Farley had already been waiting there, and judging by their well-dressed appearance, they spent at least three hours on their attire.Seeing Lockhart coming, the two greeted him together.
   Ready, both?
    Lockhart asked.
   Of course.
    Lucius Malfoy answered first, 
   We've been waiting a long time—almost 300 years.
   Lockhart knew what Lucius meant, that the Malfoys hadn't been to see the royal family for nearly 300 years.
   Then let's go!
   Lockhart took out a small luxury car 
   model
    from his pocket, and dropped it on the ground.Seeing this, Malfoy couldn't help asking.
   Driving? Aren't we going to Buckingham Palace?
   Lockhart chuckled, but didn't answer the question.Isn't Buckingham Palace a place where a little noble like you can go if you want: Her Majesty the Queen comes to Balmoral Villa in winter to see that her horses are not frozen, and it is very good to be able to take time to meet you by the way , you still want to go to Buckingham Palace?And it still depends on the face of the prime minister. If it wasn't the prime minister, you might just arrange a banquet for the nobles and send you away. How could you meet alone like this.Of course, he couldn't say it directly, after all, he had to save some face.   It is a royal tradition to meet nobles at the country house on New Year's Day,
    he said.That's the only way to explain it to Malfoy.Malfoy said he could accept that statement.Designation 7 I like tradition, just so I have prepared the same traditional gift JJHe put the emphasis on 
   traditional
    deliberately, to show that the Malfoy family's noble blood has a history to follow.
   Crabbe, Goyle!
    he called into the room, 
   load our presents into the cart!
   After hearing his shout, two burly men came out from Malfoy's villa: on their shoulders each carried a huge box as tall as two people, and judging from their steps, the weight of the box didn't look heavy. light.If Lockhart was not mistaken, they were the fathers of Draco Malfoy's two followers at school.   My God.
    Lockhart frowned, 
   Why not use the Levitation Charm?
    Lucius shrugged, 
   What I want to give away is something our family has saved for 300 years, and it is very precious. Level, what should I do if I fall to the ground with the Levitation Curse? Besides, I have already used the Feather Fall Curse to reduce their weight.
   He spoke loudly, and he didn't seem at all afraid of Crabbe and Goyle hearing him.Under Lockhart's gaze, the two blond men didn't show any dissatisfaction, as if Lucius was not talking about them at all.Even though he knew that the people in front of him were all Death Eaters, Lockhart couldn't help but feel worthless for these two big fools.This is the tragedy of vassal families relying on pure blood - because they need the support of the main family to survive economically, they must sell their freedom and loyalty to some extent.The positions of these two people should have been closer to the Lions faction of the populist faction, but NaiWhy can't they let go of the 
   pure blood
    airs, and refuse to go out to do that kind of 
   low
    work, so they can only do jobs that are actually even more humble and have no self-esteem.As long as there are people like this, the absence of Dobby will not have much impact on Malfoy, and he still has labor to exploit.But are these two guys really as honest as they appear on the surface?Lockhart couldn't help but think of the Room of Requirement in 
   Death Hallows
   , the little Crabbe yelled at Draco, 
   I will never listen to your orders again, Draco, you and your father are finished .”Looking at Lucius who was still indifferent, Lockhart felt that he didn't need to remind him at all.Chapter 350 Eighth TitleWhen the three of them came to the Queen's country house, it happened that Her Majesty was feeling cold occasionally.According to the butler, they usually come to Scotland to escape the summer heat and watch horse races in summer, but this year, for the sake of Malfoy and Farley, the queen resolutely decided to come here in winter in the snow, but she caught a cold when she got off the car.When he said these words, he looked at the three of them full of curiosity. Although he had seen Lockhart before and personally experienced the effect of the hair growth spirit, he didn't expect it to be a wizard.If it weren't for the Prime Minister who said this, he would probably pick up the broom and drive the other party out without waiting for His Majesty to speak.Fortunately, Major still had face, and produced all kinds of evidence to prove that what he said was true. In the end, the queen decided to meet the two wizards with suspicion, and strictly limited the right to know about this matter to herself and her husband. There are two housekeepers.sonAnd the old butler is not idle, after learning the names of the two wizards Malfoy and Farley, he rummaged for a long time in the pile of ashesy old papers in the Royal Archives, and finally succeeded in a large pile of coats of arms and genealogy charts. The names of the two families are found in .
   One is from the 0th century, and the other is from a nobility conferred in the 14th century.
    The steward reported to the queen.Because the royal family has changed, theoretically the nobles who were canonized at the beginning are no longer nobles, and the royal family does not need to pay attention to them.But Her Majesty has other ideas about it.She decided to recognize the aristocratic status of these two families, and took advantage of the new year to go to Scotland to meet them in person to show the royal family's affinity beyond honor.She can be friendly, but the housekeeper can't, because it must be 
   graciousness comes from above
   So he vaccinated Malfoy early, and warned them not to mess around. After all, how to prevent threats from wizards is still an unknown topic for the Royal Police.Although Lockhart felt that what the butler said was not true, he would not say it.And judging from the mixed expressions of gratitude and guilt of Malfoy and Farley, there is no need for this.Malfoy immediately stated that he would personally treat His Majesty's illness.
   
   
Chapter 169   
   
   The butler complained a little about this, because he hoped that the two people could cure His Majesty with potions, just like using hair tonic, because he didn't want outsiders to see the Queen's weak appearance, which would affect the royal family's dignity.But this time it was Lockhart who explained it aloud.
   If you use the potion rashly without knowing the patient's constitution and condition, then the disease can be cured, but the excess magic power will remain in the patient's body.
    Lockhart deliberately alarmist, 
   This is different from the hair growth spirit, the hair growth The magic power of the spirit will be consumed until the hair grows out, so don’t worry about overdosing.”The housekeeper frowned when he heard the words:    Then, what's wrong with keeping the magic power in the body?
   If the magic power is poisonous to ordinary people, then the housekeeper must not let them in.Fortunately, Lockhart dispelled his idea:    Magic power staying in the body of ordinary people will not cause any direct harm, but if it stays for too long, it will change a person's physique, and it is very likely to attract some unconventional people. Germs come on wind.Ordinary viruses can be wiped out in the blink of an eye, but magic virusesEven if we want to clean it up, it takes a lot of work, so it's better not to try it lightly.And if we treat it, we can guarantee that there will be no magic power leftMalfoy also interjected at the right time: Die, for example, the March emesis...every March, the sick person will vomit continuously for a month, so far there is no effectiveThe radical treatment method can only temporarily relieve symptoms.    The old housekeeper's face changed upon hearing this:    In that case, please let me ask for instructions.
   
   Please.
    Lockhart saluted.After the old butler entered, Mr. Farley raised his eyebrows at Malfoy and Lockhart? That meant what the hell were they doing.Although the magic power will indeed remain, it will not have a permanent effect on people, and it will dissipate automatically in a short time. Lockhart and Malfoy are completely alarmistLockhart had only one word for it:    hospital
   .Mr. Farley wasn't stupid either, he understood what Lockhart meant right away.If you just sell medicine to make money, of course it is not as good as directly opening hospitals and providing medical services to make money, and this can also solve more employment problems.Since a huge amount of money poured into the treasury of the pure-blood family, although it was only less than half a month, the prices in the wizarding world have quietly increased by 3%. This is because big families such as Malfoy and Farley are relatively restrained. The result of depositing the vast majority of gold into the vaultsAlthough the prosperity of all industries is a good thing for the wizarding world, but my family knows their own affairs. As long as the international oil price continues to rise, their future income will only increase.Prices will only continue to rise and will not fall back.This also means that the gold in the hands of pure-blood families will soon become less and less valuable, so it is more cost-effective to switch to assets that will increase in price early.It seems necessary to buy St. Mungo's shares early... Mr. Farley thought to himself.Not long after, the housekeeper pushed open the door of the tea room again.
   So, Lord Malfoy, Lord Farley, please...
   
   It's the Baron, thank you.
   Malfoy corrected the old butler seriously, as if it was important.The butler paused for a moment, but didn't say anything.In the 11th century, the Malfoy family did accept the title of title, but it was obviously the lowest title of 
   Laird
    (Laird), and calling them 
   Lords
    was actually flattering them.Even if the Malfoy family has continuously annexed the surrounding land through marriage or purchase for hundreds of years, their head family still cannot be regarded as a baron.More importantly, among the Scottish nobility titles, there is no title of baron at all, only 
   Lrd_f_Parliament
   .The old butler didn't want to open this mouth, because until the British 
   House of Lords Act
    was promulgated in 1999, British hereditary nobles would automatically become members of the House of Lords, and the lowest title of this 
   hereditary nobleman
    was also a baron, and Malfoy was recognized as a 
   baron
    Or 
   Lord
    means a lot.Therefore, Malfoy cared so much about this title not only for fame, but for political status.The butler raised his hand, not planning to continue arguing on this issue, and besides, it was beyond his control.In the corridor, Malfoy frowned, and asked Lockhart in a low voice:    You said, Ma...the Prime Minister of non-magical people promised us to enter the House of LordsLockhart is not willing to take this responsibility:    This...you have to go through the procedure again, and you haven't even given your allegiance to Her Majesty the Queen.
   Lucius Malfoy tightened his faux tuxedo-style robes and didn't say any more, but judging from his expression, it looked like he was going to win.Although Mr. Farley was equally scheming, he still had a thin skin after all, and he didn't dare to declare that he was also a baron.The Malfoy family still had a large manor, and he only had the territory of a village. It was a bit far-fetched to call himself a baron, he had to admit that.Chapter 350 Nine Ways of AllegianceLockhart was still a little worried about whether Malfoy and Mr. Farley would remember the etiquette of meeting the royal family after years of not setting foot in the aristocratic circle.But he obviously worried too much, because looking at Lucius Malfoy's meticulous salute and that rather quaint greeting, it is estimated that his family has been practicing this for hundreds of years without doing anything.Her Majesty really only had a small cold, so it only took about 30 seconds for Lockhart and the others to cure her, and the rest of the time was spent listening to Malfoy bragging about his loyalty.If you only listen to Lucius' narration, you will think that in the past 300 years, the Malfoy family has always been sympathetic to the royal family, but there are always a group of mobs in the wizarding world that hinder the communication between the two parties, and there are even non-magic The persecution of wizards by people in the world, they had to make false claims with it.— After some rhetoric, even Mr. Farley behind couldn't help rolling his eyes.I have seen shameless ones, but I have never seen such shameless ones as Lucius. It seems that the descendants of Armand Malfoy have undoubtedly inherited the style of their ancestors, and even surpassed others. Mr. Farley doubts Gregory the flattering curse Was it secretly learned by the Malfoy family?Even Her Majesty the Queen had to interrupt Lucius' chatter—as a successor, she couldn't characterize the former government's crackdown on wizards as evil, and couldn't even admit that the British government was responsible for it. the main responsibility of her, for she was completely ignorant of it.Don't forget that the state religion of the United Kingdom is still the Protestant Anglican Church.When the royal family is deprived of administrative power by the parliament, it can only rely on the 
   divine authority of the king
   . How could it be possible to do things that destroy the faith of the church.By the way, the King/Queen of England is also the head of the Anglican Church.
   I believe that blindly excluding something that is not understood is not the act of a compassionate person, and I also believe that as long as Parliament and the Church remain honorable, the cornerstones of British existence, injustice will prevail in the future. The far future is eliminated, what do you think, Sir Malfoy?
    she asked softly.Although he knew that the old lady in front of him didn't know any magic at all, Lucius acted submissive at the moment.
   It couldn't be more correct!
    He immediately agreed, 
   So we hope to make a little contribution to the prosperity under your rule, even if it is insignificant.
   The more Lockhart heard it, the more wrong it became—could it be that Lucius thought that Her Majesty's power was exactly the same as it was 300 years ago?The old lady was not confused. Although she didn't know why Lucius and the others wanted to enter the House of Lords so much, since this was the only bargaining chip she had at this time, she would not give it to them so easily.
   Of course, the House of Lords will never reject any promising aristocrat who respects tradition and is willing to contribute to the prosperity of Britain.
    She strongly hinted.
   Of course.
    Lucius said as if he was pardoned, 
   I have always respected tradition... This time, we have brought you the traditional royal tribute of the Malfoy family... 300 years old.Seeing him mention the tribute, not to mention the queen, even Lockhart and Mr. Farley were curious. They really wanted to know what was in those two big boxes.After the butler went to the Queen's ear and whispered a few words, Queen Elizabeth II showed a surprised expression.
   This is...unexpected, but Sir Malfoy really has a heart.
   Lockhart pricked up his ears, wanting to know what exactly Malfoy had paid for
   ...so much whalebone, I think you must have put a lot of thought into collecting it.said Queen Elizabeth II approvingly.
   Yes Your Majesty, it took 300 years.
    Malfoy puffed up his chest,
   We have always upheld the tradition and carefully preserved all the baleen in order to make them play their due role one day.
   The old lady took a deep breath: ^What amazing loyalty, Sir MalfoyMr. Farley listened in confusion, but Lockhart understood.It turned out to be whalebone—an old tradition indeed.Since the popularity of whalebone skirts and umbrellas from Spain in the 15th century, whalebone has become a very sought-after commodity in the UK.At that time, Europe’s overfishing and killing of whales was extremely extreme. In many cases, after whaling ships killed whales with harpoons and whaling cannons, only its fat and baleen were thrown back into the sea to feed sharks.It is precisely because of this that the whales in the Atlantic Ocean were once overfished by Europeans to the brink of extinction, and the whalebone skirts of British ladies and the whalebone umbrellas of gentlemen also fell into the embarrassing situation of insufficient production, forcing the British royal family to pay for it. This is specifically the law.This law stipulates that in the exclusive waters of the British royal family, all whales and baleen hunted belong to the royal family.The baleen of whales stranded on the beaches owned by the royal family must also be turned over to the royal family.By the way, even in the 21st century, 55% of Britain's beaches are nominally Her Majesty's.Although it is said that the royal family has long been reduced to a mascot, even if someone kills the stranded whaleThe baleen is their own, and the royal family will not dispatch the royal police to take the baleen from that person.Grab it.But meeting Malfoy so abiding by the    rules
   ■■■EA2Nobles who know how to pay tribute,Her Majesty the Queen is still very happy.Even after the appearance of plastic and synthetic rubber, the royal family actually no longer needs to use itThe baleen, which is extremely resistant to breakage, is used as a support frame for women's dresses, not to mention that old-fashioned women's dresses have long been out of fashion.Malfoy's tribute to the queen is not so much 
   precious
    whalebone, but rather a 
   tradition
   : a tradition of nobles' loyalty to the royal family, just like the spring and autumn countries paid tribute to the Zhou royal family. Same as pomelo.In comparison, the lady's gemstone cane presented by Mr. Farley is relatively thin. Even if from the perspective of ordinary people, his gift is more expensive, but because of its lack of symbolic meaning, it falls short.Could it be that Her Majesty the Queen really lacks this tribute from you?The British royal family is the richest royal family in the world, with a net worth of more than 800 billion U.S. dollars, and even more if you include intangible income such as various brands and topics. Can be regarded as a small local tyrant.Of course, since she has accepted the gifts from the wizards, the queen will not let them work in vainIn her opinion, Malfoy's desire to be a member of the House of Lords is not difficult to achieve, but it must be worthwhile.Or to put it more bluntly, it doesn't really matter whether the tribute is tribute or not. She is not short of that money. The key is that Her Majesty wants to live a few more years, and it is best to let her dear son——Charles Your Highness will be the crown prince for life.Since the wizards revived the ancient etiquette and paid tribute to her whalebone, she naturally had to give the two of them enough responses in accordance with the ancient etiquette.   Since that is the case, please follow the etiquette and pledge your allegiance to Her Majesty the Queen!
   After the queen agreed to the two's qualifications for the House of Lords, the butler suddenly appeared in front of several people, put down a wool carpet, and took out a list of etiquette items from nowhere.Just by looking at the parchment on the book that has almost oxidized to the point where no writing can be seen, everyone can tell that this book must be quite old.Holding the book, the housekeeper stood upright, and read without any emotion in his voice:   Is this the first time for you two to come here? According to your title, Lord Farley, you can bow down to the Queen; as for Baron Malfoy, according to the protocol, you can kiss Her Majesty's feet...
   Under Malfoy's sluggish gaze, Mr. Farley suddenly realized that he didn't follow Malfoy's example and brazenly declare that he has the title of baron, which may not be without benefits.Chapter 360 Fortress of DestinyFollowing the return from the audience with the Queen, Lockhart suddenly found that he had an additional handle that could be used to blackmail Lucius Malfoy.Although Voldemort probably won't give up recruiting these rich guys because of this, but if those purebloods know, that 
   noble
    Lucius Malfoy actually knelt down and kissed a Muggle as a wizard representative I'm afraid they won't be very tolerant of him, let alone Voldemort is still a professional-level PUA expert.Mr. Farley has maintained the 
   honesty
    that a wizard should have-that is, kneeling on one leg, which can at least be said to be just a common etiquette.Lucius Malfoy himself knew this. On the way back to the manor, he embarrassedly explained to the two people next to him his mental activities at that time—that was really a dead end.He had already done that before, and he really couldn't give up just because the final touch deviated from what he had expected.Lockhart suppressed a smile, and told Malfoy that he had almost forgotten about it—of course, if Mr. Malfoy was willing to join the 
   Seminar on Wizarding Political and Economic Models
    that Lockhart was about to set up, and become an association As for the sponsor, maybe he will forget more cleanly.Malfoy is not stupid:    You are going to form a party.
   
   What kind of party?
    Lockhart pretended to be stupid and said, 
   Now the wizarding world is facing a change unseen in a thousand years, and people of insight must unite and discuss how to deal with itThe two pure-blood 
   nobility
    chose not to comment on Lockhart's account.They don't care what Lockhart's purpose is, they only care about what benefits they can get from it.After the New Year, both Muggles and wizards are a bit lazy, in a state of holiday syndrome.In such an atmosphere, the Five-wizard Tournament is obliged to serve as a 
   refreshing agent
   , injecting stimulating factors into the blood vessels of the wizards.Because the competition schedule is relatively dense and the reports can keep up, when the third event was held, according to the media statistics, the number of followers had covered more than half of the wizarding world in Europe and America.The most direct manifestation of this is the popularity of the five participating schools and their warriors.There are not many magic schools that have been in operation for more than 30 years.Schools like Ilvermorny, Castroche, and Waggadu that don't care about the source of students are rare, and their resources are unique because they have an entire continent as their source of new students.And big schools like Hogwarts and Beauxbatons don't worry much about the source of students, because Hogwarts has the pen of acceptance and the book of admission, and Beauxbatons has the living fossil of Nicole Flamel, so at least It is no problem to unify the academic circles of Britain and France. The greater significance of the Five Powers Competition for them is to let people all over the world know about them.These schools don't have to worry about their students, but that doesn't mean other schools don't have to either.For example, for Durmstrang, whose enrollment has been declining, the publicity effect of the game is more important.After receiving the report on the number of applicants for the new school year, Karkaroff walked with a tinge of joy these days. If it wasn't for the looming shadow of Voldemort, he might have gotten carried away.It's not his fault. There are only 30 magic schools that have been in operation for more than 0 years and have been recorded by Rowling in the European and American cultural circles.In addition to these relatively large schools, there are many sporadic small magic schools in Europe, and there are even families who raise their own children instead of sending them to school.Under such circumstances, large schools already have advantages in terms of size and teaching staff over small schools. As long as large schools do not kill themselves like Durmstrang, small schools have no chance to snatch people.After the Big Five Tournament was held, it was obvious that there were no sign-ups from elementary schools this year, and Beauxbatons, Hogwarts, and Durmstrang, who were eligible to participate in the Tournament, had a huge impact on the number of students from schools in the surrounding areas. siphon effectThe population of the wizarding world is only that large, and if there are more students in this school, there will be fewer students in other schools.So after discovering the advertising effect of the Big Five Tournament, many schools suddenly began to show an extremely enthusiastic attitude towards the competition.They sent inquiries to the Organizing Committee of the Five Powers Tournament through the magic departments of each country, asking about the method of participating in the competition and the time for the next competition. What's more, they directly asked for the next competition to be held.With so many schools signing up, the organizing committee even began to discuss whether to set up a multi-school league.
   
   
Chapter 170   
   
   Of course, the league proposal was ultimately rejected by Dumbledore.
   The main task of the students is still to learn and improve themselves. The competition can only exist as one of the exams to test the results, but it must not become the work of the students.
    He said.Faced with such a situation, Fudge was almost floating into the sky.Since he was the one who suggested the resurrection of the Triwizard Tournament, he took it for granted that all of this was his own achievement.Lockhart didn't bother to argue with him about this. Anyway, it was indeed Fudge's proposal. He just did some trivial work and dragged the entire wizarding world into trouble by the way.Also beaming is the Department of Sports, although they have never been a coldIn the case that other departments lack sufficient financial resources, they control the sponsorship income of broomsticks, alcohol and tobacco, and live better than other departments.But after Ludo Bagman's incident came out, Fudge took over the financial power of the Sports Department to the central government in the name of punishment, saying that it was to repay the gambling debts, so they have been a little nervous recently.Being able to set up a new competition organizing committee department and get some funding from it is not without merit even for the Sports Department.But these are not all of Lockhart's goals. It would be too petty to just create a sports project.Muggles hold large-scale competitions, in addition to promoting their country's strength to foreign countries, and by the way, displaying domestic natural and cultural landscapes in front of the world, so as to achieve the purpose of tourism promotion. Germaud, what a cold mash, isn't it?It was under such a circumstance that people in the industry paid more attention to the competition of the top five that finally opened the curtain of the third project.January is the coldest time in Scotland, and it is still snowing in the sky. Several warriors and their attendants are covered with all the clothes they can wear, which makes them look like they ran out of the forbidden forest. escape bird.With everyone watching, Fudge officially announced the content of the third game.Similarly, the third project also inherits the plot of the previous two games::oo After dispelling the ghosts from Hogsmeade and getting the fortune teller's prophecy, the warriors immediately headed for the place where the murderer behind all this happened.But the devil also knew of their arrival. In order to prevent the warriors from hindering his plan, he set up a fortress on the only way the warriors must pass, and sent his most loyal men to guard the place. The test of fate is the only way to escape from the fortress and finally reach the castle of the devil.Next, I announce that the third phase of the Big Five Tournament—   Fortress of Destiny
    is officially open!
   PS This... today is the 31st, the last day of March... that... you see, there are some things that are stored on the account that will be invalidated after a month, should they be used today?Chapter 360: Time to Test CharacterAfter announcing the start of the game, Fudge first asked several warriors to come forward and bring the items they got in the previous game to him.In the last game, these warriors fought against various dangerous animals, but in the end they got a bunch of    numbers
   . The audience was very curious about what role these numbers could play in this game.Fudge quickly fulfilled their wishes—he replaced the magical biological tissues representing numbers in the hands of the warriors with ten-sided dice representing corresponding numbers.德姆斯特朗的二人得到了印着数字9”的骰子，霍格沃茨得到了6和8,伊法魔尼得到了2和0,布斯巴顿得到了1和5，瓦加度则是3和4。Followed by the camera, Fudge led several warriors into the cinema.In this regard, several warriors were puzzled by Monk Zhang Er.Of course they know that the cinema is the place where tourists gather to watch the game, but what kind of game requires them to compete under the eyes of the audience?Could it be a duel?Combining with the previous prophecy that 
   the warriors will clash
   , the warriors of several schools clenched their wands in unison, and looked at each other with a trace of vigilance in their eyes.When Fudge led the warriors to appear in front of the screen stands in the cinema, the audience who came to watch the game burst into bursts of cheers.Fudge obviously liked this feeling, so he deliberately stopped in front of the stage for a while to enjoy this feeling, but the audience was tired of seeing this unappetizing guy at this time, and hoped that this fat man would go away quickly.After whetting the audience's appetite, Fudge finally began to read the rules of the game.With an order from him, the skylight on the top of the cinema opened wide, and a huge stone statue slowly lowered down.This statue is familiar not only to the wizards present, but also to Muggles: if Major and Mrs. Rimington were here, after seeing this statue, they would also call its name without thinking. blurted out.   It's the Sphinx (Sphinx)!
    The little wizards shouted excitedly.Surrounded by Ministry of Magic staff, a dark-skinned wizard came to the side of the statue, took out his wand, and muttered something to it. After a long time, he tapped the tip of his wand against it lightly.With this knock, the outer shell of the statue cracked slowly like a snowflake, revealing the animal inside.It is not the same as the Sphinx in Greek mythology. Although it is indeed a sphinx: it does not have the wings of an eagle, and it is not a female in the legend, but a male monster. I am afraid that many Furui control disappointment.Of course, maybe some Fu Ruikong will be happier.Knowledgeable people can probably recognize which kind of Sphinx it is, called    Andrsphinx (Andrsphinx)
   , but ordinary people only need to know that it belongs to Sphinx.Different from the other two kinds of Sphinx, this kind of Sphinx has a very good temper: it doesn't like to eat people very much, and besides loving guessing riddles and making riddles for people to guess, its biggest hobby is just sleeping, so The wizards in Africa are very willing to offer two and put them next to the conference hall of the African Wizards Union. They are usually too precious.It was because of Dumbledore's face that they were willing to borrow one.The rules of the third game are also very simple—the warriors must successively break through the huge fortress composed of 41 consecutive rooms, and the starting point of the fortress is the cinema.On the stage of the movie theater, the warriors must first take a    Dice of Fate
    from Fudge, and roll the dice to a number in front of all the audience.Then the Dice of Destiny will be turned into a door key, and the warrior and his attendants will be sent to the corresponding 
   room
   , where they will encounter the 
   Fate Event
    and wait for them to solve the 
   Fate Event
   . That room has been captured, and the door key in that room will send them back to the cinema.Of course, if the strategy fails and the warriors 
   die
   , they will be 
   resurrected
    at the entrance of the fortress—that is, they have to start all over again.Fudge pointed to the screen in the movie theater—it showed a grid plan like the board game 
   Monopoly
   , and the fortress happened to be thin rooms from the entrance to the exit.If you look more closely, the audience will also find that these rooms are marked with various patterns-some are steaming food patterns, some are vicious troll heads, some are question marks, and some are red. The hideous, hideous skull—it doesn't look like anything good will happen.
   This time the game will adopt a round system, and the group that passes the shortest number of rounds will be the winner.
    Fudge said loudly to the audience, 
   After one group of warriors returns, another group of warriors will start. Make sure you don't miss any wonderful shots!
   Having said that, the warriors finally understood their mission—that is to pass through the fortress in a shorter number of rounds than other warriors.
   That is to say, we are going to walk through this small room by throwing dice?
    Krum repeated, as if trying to figure out if he understood.
   Exactly,
    replied Fudge immediately.Krum suddenly remembered something, he took out the ten-sided dice Fudge gave them just now and asked:    So, what is this dice in our hand?
   
   It's very simple.
    Fudge's face turned into a flower with a smile, 
   Before this fortressWhen entering, you can use the dice in your hand at any time. After using it, you can advance the number of steps corresponding to the number marked on the dice without triggering the room mechanism. 
   Krum was stunned for a moment, and then suddenly realized:    That is to say, if I have just passed the 33rd room, I can use the number 9 to directly pass the end point?
   If that's the case, then their hard work in the last game is not worthless. After all, the number 9
    allows them to skip at least one round. If luck is worse, this 9 skips two or even two More than three rounds is indeed a huge advantage.On the other hand, for other warriors, except for 5, 6, and 8, which are still somewhat useful, the other numbers may not help them pass this fortress.And the one from Ilvermorny... Hehe, isn't this just a wasted round?Thinking of this, Krum looked sympathetically at the Ilvermorny warrior---a2, a 0, they are likely to remain at the bottom after this round.
   The answer is correct.
    Fudge affirmed Klum's statement, 
   Of course, you don't have to go to the end to use it. If you see something good in the position 9 spaces ahead, you can also choose to go directly. For example, a Did you see it? There is a room with a treasure chest pattern of gold coins? And there, a room marked with food?Krum looked up at the floor plan on the movie theater screen, and found that, as Fudge said, the pattern painted on the room was not entirely bad.So, Ilvermorny's numbers may not be completely useless?After one question was cleared up, Krum came up with another question.
   Then what is the use of the sphinx?
   
   Ah, that's exactly what I'm going to say...
    Fudge grinned, 
   Whenever you voteAfter throwing a number, the Sphinx will ask you the puzzle of that room of fate, and if you answer it correctly, it will reward you with an item that may come in handy in that room.If the answer is wrong...hehe...
   After hearing this, Fu Rong was a little nervous:    What will happen?
   
   It will make some interesting changes to the room you are about to go to - of course, this change will only add a little burden to your strategy process...Is there any problem?
   Although Fudge put it lightly, the Warriors don't think it's really just a 
   little
    burden.
   Why a cow's room?
    asked the warrior of Waggadu.He thought that he would not get a reasonable answer, but he didn't expect that the tournament organizers had already thought about this question.
   Because Xi is the 13th prime number from small to large, the devil likes this unlucky number.
    Fudge told him.Seeing that the others were silent, Cedric took the opportunity to ask his own question:    I also have a question... What would happen if two groups of warriors collided into the same room in a certain round? Does this mean that the latter group can sit back and enjoy the benefits?
   The question he asked was very realistic, because the Hogwarts warriors were the first to set off, and there was a high probability that the people behind would bump into them.
   No.
    Fudge said, wagging his stubby finger, 
   if two groups of warriors collide into the same room, it can only mean that the warriors of the former group are the 
   trials
    of the warriors of the latter group, so in this case Next, two groups of warriors will have a magic duel, the loser returns to the entrance, and the winner moves on. 
   Now the warriors couldn't sit still—it turned out that the prophecy meant that the warriors would clash!Cedric suddenly thought of a question—is it possible to startSomeone disliked them, and deliberately chased them with dice with a fixed number, and sent them back to the starting point?Probably!And even if the people behind do not do this intentionally, when the fifth group of school warriors set off, there is a high probability that four groups of warriors will be filled in the 10 grids in front of them, so the probability that they will be forced to duel with the people in front It's 40% - this probability is not low.
   Excuse me, can we use all the dice of fate in one round?
    Cedric asked quickly.Fudge nodded:    Yes, but each room needs to be settled.
   Hearing that he said yes, Cedric was faintly relieved.5 Heli, come here. he called to Harry. 
   Let's talk it over...
   S/I - early 0 冃応What Cedric wants to do is actually not difficult to say-that is to use a dice immediately after starting to let the two escape from the 
   messy zone
   Although he doesn't know what will be waiting for them in the 
   Fate Room
   , Cedric never wants to be chased by the people behind and take turns to challenge him, turning the first-mover advantage into a disadvantage-you know, this is very likely to happen .Harry clearly had some thoughts on this:    But we're not afraid of a duel, are we? If they happen to crash into our room...have we eliminated an opponent early?
   
   Our task in this game is to pass quickly.
    Cedric was very sober. 
   The dice left over from the previous game are obviously for us to kill each other, not for us to pass the level quickly.
   When Cedric said this, Harry understood.Although each of the top five tournament victories can give them some advantage in the next match, but none of this advantage is so great that they can maintain it without much effort.If they want to save the two dice until after 28 squares and pass the finish line in one breath, then they are likely to be intercepted by people from other schools with dice in front.Although Harry was sure that Cedric, like himself, would not be afraid to duel with the warriors of any school, and the other schools might not dare to challenge the Hogwarts duo, but it is better to minimize the trouble as much as possible .
   So, shall we use up both dice in the first round?
    Hahe LIask.Depending on the situation, we first roll an ordinary dice, if the number is 4 or more, we use 
   6', if only 2, then we use 
   8'. ' whispered Cedric.Harry was in a daze—he hadn't figured out what Cedric's strategy meant.Seeing that he didn't understand, Cedric explained one more sentence:    I mean, don't avoid challenges, but try to avoid troubles as much as possible. If luck is too bad, there is nothing we can do.
   Harry was still a little confused, and he didn't fully understand what Cedric meant until they walked to Fudge to collect the dice.因为10面骰上面是0到9共10个数字，所以投一次能够行走的最大距离就是9步。If the two of them can roll a 4 for the first time, then after they challenge the room and then make up a 6, it can ensure that they will not be hit by anyone in the first round, unless the people behind also use dice to chase them .Of course, they can also choose to throw away all the 
   6
    and 
   8
    in their hands in the first round, so as to completely avoid the subsequent pursuit.But doing so is a bit 
   cowardly
   , not only embarrassing but also timid.Second, if they are unlucky and they throw small numbers in the next few rounds, they may still be caught up, and at the same time lose their flexibility, which is not beautiful.In short, because you have to roll the dice to move forward, and it is still a ten-sided dice, so this game is destined to have a considerable proportion of luck, and it is useless to think too much, it is enough to do your best at the beginning.After figuring it out, the two came to Fudge amidst the cheers of the audience, ready to start shaking the dice.However, Fudge did not hand it to the warrior after taking out the ten-sided dice, but handed it to the unusually well-behaved Sphinx.
   Two warriors, come forward and solve the riddle!
    cried Fudge.The two of them didn't expect that this first step would be fruitful, but at this point, they could only suppress their anxiety and move towards the sphinx with small steps.The sphinx, whom the Ministry of Magic had hired from Egypt at a high price, had been ^[yawning boredly just now, and became more energetic after seeing the two warriors come up.
   Ready? Are you British?
    asked the Sphinx.
   Yes.
    The two looked at it nervously.
   Relax, dear.
    Sphinx looked very easy-going, 
   Since you are all British, the first puzzle is an English anagram. You only need to answer it within 5 minutes. When you are ready, we Just start.
   The two looked at each other and nodded to Sphinx one after another:    We are ready.
   The Sphinx sat upright, staring at the two children in front of him who spread their front paws.A ten-sided dice fell from the gap between its claws, rolled a few times on the ground, and finally stopped on a number.is the number 
   5
   Seeing the numbers come out, the Warriors and the audience turned their attention to the room map on the screen.And in room 5, the pattern of a flying bird is impressive.
   So, what do we need to do next? Riddles?
    Cedric asked nervously.
   
   
Chapter 171   
   
   
   That's right...then let's get started, please listen to something that starts with
   TStarts with J, ends with T', and there's something in between?
   Probably because of the relationship at the beginning, the riddles posed by the Sphinx were not very difficult, at least Harry thought they were puzzle-level riddles for children.But then Harry was surprised to see that Cedric had a puzzled look on his face.
   
   No way? ' Harry couldn't help blurting out.Cedric misunderstood Harry's meaning:    Yeah, it's really hard to guess, it's worthy of the legendary 
   Sphinx Riddle
   
   Harry's mouth fell open in surprise - honestly, if he hadn't spent too much time with Cedric, he might have thought Cedric was joking.After confirming that Cedric was not joking, Harry had to use a method that would not hurt the other party's self-esteem as much as possible to remind Cedric.
   Uh... I think it's an anagram,
    he said.
   An anagram?
    Cedric was taken aback. 
   I thought he was saying 'troll (Trll factory), but trolls don't have 'tails: so something seems wrong.   Harry found that he didn't know how to evaluate the preschool education of wizards-even if Aunt Petunia devoted almost all her energy to Dudley, the preschool education Harry received was better than Cedric's.
   There are usually traps in this kind of word play.
    Harry could only continue to prompt, 
   Maybe...it doesn't mean what it says literally.
   Cedric pondered for a moment, and finally realized that Harry was trying to remind himself
   Time is running out, Harry, only 5 minutes... oh no, there are only 3 minutes left, if you think of something, you can just say it.
   
   Ok.
   Harry was not hypocritical, he walked straight up to the Sphinx and began to question it.
   How many times can I guess?
   
   As many times as you want, little guy, as long as you answer within the time limit.
    Sphinx seemed very talkative.
   So, 'tortise'? ' Harry asked tentatively.
   Unfortunately, the answer is wrong.
    Sphinx lit up his paw:    You still have 2 minutes, my dear.
   Harry no longer hesitated after hearing the words:    Then, the answer must be 'Teapt'. 
   When Harry gave the correct answer, both Hermione in the audience and the officials of the Ministry of Magic who knew the game all heaved a sigh of relief.
   The answer is correct, congratulations, you can take this door key and go to room 6.
   The Sphinx smiled at Harry, and took out a silver teapot from nowhere and placed it in front of the two of them.
   Here, this is your reward, it may help you.
    Cedric hesitated for a moment, then reached out and took the teapot.
   Why 'teapot'?
    He asked Harry, even if it is just an anagram, there are only two T's at the beginning and the end, and the T' in the middle?
   Harry shrugged:    Because we also use it for 'tea (Tea)'
    Cedric suddenly realized.It's not that he is uneducated, but his brain really can't turn this corner.According to Fudge's instructions, the two warriors put their hands on the portkey made of ten-sided dice together.
   Number 5... Your destination is Dean Forest, good luck!
    Fudge waved to them.A blue light flashed, and the two disappeared from the scene of the movie theater.Chapter 360 Whose TrapAlthough the Hogwarts warriors have disappeared from the scene of the game, it does not mean that the organizers of the tournament have lost their ability to track them.They had set up surveillance devices at the other end of the Portkey early on, waiting for the Warriors to come to the door.When Harry and Cedric got up from the ground in a daze, they found that they had come to a place like a forest, and they had been stared at by something.Cedric was more vigilant, so when a huge bird and snake fell from the sky and attacked Harry, he immediately took out his wand and cast an expulsion spell on it, which prevented Harry from being 
   falling from a height
    Give him a hemiplegia.And this attack also let the two warriors know what they were going to face, and what the teapot the Sphinx gave them was for.The organizers actually let us face dangerous wild creatures directly!Even knowing that the Ministry of Magic must have sent people around to protect them, Harry was still a little unhappy, which may have something to do with the fact that he almost made a fool of himself just now.He guessed right, someone at the Ministry of Magic was protecting him, and it wasn't even just the Ministry.In the Defense Against the Dark Arts professor's office at Hogwarts, Moody and Lockhart are watching Harry's every move on the screen.This small screen has been permanently transformed like the screens of Jack Pea and the Three Broomsticks. It is connected to the one in the movie theater and can be broadcast simultaneously in real time.Seeing that the two of them dealt with the bird and snake on the screen according to the Scamander textbook, Moody's face was a little dignified.
   I really don't know why you have to use the Portkey.
    He said to Lockhart rather displeasedly, 
   Dumbledore is not here, there are too many places in the middle that are prone to accidents.
   Unlike Moody's worried, Lockhart on the opposite side seemed much more relaxed
   If it wasn't like this, the Death Eaters would have no chance to get close to him.
    Lockhart sneered and looked at the broadcast screen:    Passive defense is not my style, once the World Cup is enough.
   Of course Moody understood what he was talking about, but he still couldn't accept it. Even the magic eye kept turning to express its owner's uneasiness.
   Compared to your daring plan, I'm more surprised that Dumbledore approved it.
    Moody said in a low voice, 
   I can't imagine Voldemort following your steps.
   
   He has no choice if he still wants Harry's blood.
    Lockhart looked confident.
   We had no choice, because we didn't want to take any chances,
    Moody muttered. 
   It never hurts to try anyway.
   
   Yes, there's no harm anyway,
    Lockhart agreed.After going to Little Hangleton last time, Dumbledore made a special trip to Riddle's mansion, the cemetery, and Gaunt's old house.After confirming that the bones of Voldemort's father had been dug up, Dumbledore also roughly determined the way Voldemort wanted to be resurrected.Although Voldemort may have thought that Dumbledore would not know about it, Dumbledore's research on black magic was no less in-depth than Voldemort's when he was young. He almost guessed the resurrection magic the moment he discovered that the old Riddle's bones were gone... The bones of the father, the flesh of the servant and the blood of the enemy.If Voldemort wanted to use that magic, he drank unicorn blood three years agoThere is an explanation for his behavior—he originally planned to make a new body, so he didn't care about Professor Quirrell's dying body.But what puzzled Dumbledore was that because old Riddle was a Muggle, the body made of his bones would definitely lack in magic power. Even if Harry's blood was used, Voldemort's once huge magic power would not be enough It is impossible to come back, how does Voldemort plan to copy the changes of his original body into the new body?So Dumbledore thought of the Resurrection Stone in the Deathly Hallows.Through the memory of an old employee of the Ministry of Magic, Dumbledore saw the simple ring on Mr. Gaunt's hand.As the person holding the elderberry wand and guarding the Invisibility Cloak for ten years, Dumbledore easily recognized the origin of the ring—the last of the Deathly Hallows and the most mysterious resurrection stone.After thinking of this, Dumbledore almost couldn't help himself.Compared with the Elder Wand and the Invisibility Cloak, the Deathly Hallows that Dumbledore wants most is the Resurrection Stone. He has seen the scene of reuniting with his family from the Mirror of Erised many times.Dumbledore's sister, Arianna, lost control and became a silent person because of the bullying of Muggle children; his father used magic to teach those Muggles in order to avenge his daughter, but he also entered Azkaban because of this , never came out again; his mother died because of Ariana's silent outburst, and he accidentally killed his sister in a dispute with his younger brother because of his friendship with Grindelwald...If Dumbledore was a person who was not strong enough, he would have more reasons to hate Muggles than anyone else, but in the end he didn't let himself become a person like Grindelwald, even if he The same goes for having more power, which is what makes him the greatest.But even such a great person was still shaken when he learned that he might have the resurrection stone.Dumbledore felt that if he had the resurrection stone, maybe he could redeem some of the mistakes he had made, and this idea has been circling in his mind for almost 100 years.It is difficult for people who have not experienced all this to understand why a person like Dumbledore would fall into such an obvious trap, but if he understands this, he will probably understand Dumbledore better than anyone else. Emotions.As the saying goes, don't be afraid of a thousand tricks, but be afraid of a poisonous trick. Many divorces and counter-measures in history are actually quite clumsy in terms of tactics, but they have caught the suspicion of the opponent's monarchs and ministers, so they have been tried and tested repeatedly. unfavorable.Dumbledore didn't tell anyone after discovering the traces of the Resurrection Stone, but kept this information firmly in his heart.Regarding Voldemort's resurrection, Dumbledore only said that it might use 
   the blood of the enemy
   , but he concealed the existence of the resurrection stone from them, and only said that the members of the Order of the Phoenix should protect Harry.This is the fundamental reason why Dumbledore agreed when Lockhart suggested using the Tournament to take a risk to find out where Voldemort was.If Voldemort had turned the Resurrection Stone into a Horcrux as well, then Voldemort's resurrection would have been almost unstoppable - Dumbledore was pretty sure of that.Although the resurrection stone has a high probability of resurrecting only a walking dead, but Voldemort's soul is still alive, so all he needs is a walking dead.Since Voldemort's resurrection is unstoppable, the best way to deal with it at this time is to destroy as many Horcruxes as possible before his resurrection, and use some small means to 
   add some ingredients
    to Voldemort's resurrected new bodyAnd this 
   material
    is naturally Harry's blood.So, how can Harry's blood be handed over to Voldemort without anyone knowing, and let him use it without suspicion, while keeping Harry safe?This requires taking risks.Although, as Moody said, Dumbledore is indeed not around the school now, but he still keeps an eye on Hogwarts, waiting for Voldemort to take the initiative to come to the door.On the other hand, Lockhart behaved quite leisurely. Of course it would be the best if he could trick Voldemort or little Crouch to come to his door. If he couldn't, at least he wouldn't lose. As long as Harry was still alive, Old Deng wouldn't go berserk.Relatively speaking, it is more important to continue to improve one's magical strength.Because in the coming war, the Death Eaters will not believe in tricks, they will only submit to the fistFortunately, after learning the mutated version of Soul Torrent, Lockhart felt that although his combat power was still far from T-level, and he could not catch up with the 
   top-level Professor Flitwick
   , at least he could be regarded as a 
   level-level wizard
    , and the way of fighting is quite unique. It should be possible to fight Dolohov, depending on when Voldemort returns.Seeing Lockhart so calm, Moody somewhat felt relieved.For the next war, Moody has already made up his mind to die, because he knows that his level is no longer what it used to be.But the only thing that worried him was that the combat power of the Order of the Phoenix might be torn apart by his death.This is not a joke. Although Dumbledore is the spiritual banner of the Order of the Phoenix in the original book, even after Dumbledore's death, the Order of the Phoenix can still organize the defense of the Ministry of Magic and the transfer of Harry Potter.But when Moody fell in the 
   Battle of the Seven Potters
   , the Order of the Phoenix collapsed faster than Dumbledore's death. After that, the Order of the Phoenix never organized any effective attack on the Death Eaters. To resist, Kingsley obviously does not have the ability and prestige to take on this responsibility.This can explain some issues, such as who is the backbone and combat commander of the Order of the Phoenix.Dumbledore set up another command center outside of Moody, and it seems that Moody has been separated.Di's authority, but isn't this protecting him?After thinking it over, Moody stopped commenting on it.Don't play it off. ' he whispered to Lockhart.Lockhart misunderstood him. He thought Moody was talking about the two Harrys wrestling with the bird and snake.
   Don't worry.
    He assured, 
   The venue we chose is the Quidditch pitch in the Forest of Dean, which has a constant feather fall spell, and we have also hinted in the consciousness of the bird and snake that it will not kill you .”Moody saw that Lockhart had misunderstood, but he didn't correct him because he didn't want others topeople know his vulnerabilityInstead, he has to appear tougher.
   Anyway, idle is idle, why don't we take advantage of this time to compete again?
    Moody suggested, 
   Let me see what new tricks you have learned recentlymy pleasure. ' replied Lockhart.Chapter 360 The Four Real CheatsIf he didn't know that Moody's current weakness was mental, maybe Lockhart might still lose, but now he definitely won't.Even if the overly eye-catching Confusion Spell cannot be used, Lockhart can still set up the Iron Armor Curse, and set up patterns with enraged and chaotic effects around him, which is enough to make Moody unable to wake up again. to think.After half an hour of training and sparring, Lockhart sat down again with a record of two victories, and poured a cup of tea for Moody.Moody didn't stick to the rule of never drinking drinks poured by outsiders, took the teacup and took a big sip.
   You kid really has a way... You have improved again.
    He said in a low voice.Lockhart is also not humble:    True, I happen to be very good at this aspect of magicNow his confidence is indeed somewhat inflated, except for Dumbledore, Voldemort and Professor Flitwick, he dares to touch everyone else.Moody is simply puzzled:    How on earth did you do it? I don't think you are a talented person.
   Lockhart resolutely refuted this statement—if a master of fighting the black arts who has taken countless risks cannot be regarded as 
   talented and intelligent
   , then there are not many intelligent people in this world.Moody sneered twice when he boasted that he had 
   adventured countless times
   , obviously thinking differently about it.
   Your book is full of wrong cognitions. Although the approach to dealing with dark creatures is correct, it is more like a mistake, because you don't understand the principle of doing that at all... To be honest, you It's time to strengthen the study of magic theory.He said.Lockhart understood two meanings from his words -- one was that Dumbledore did not tell others that his original owner was a liar; the other was that the original owner's book was full of flaws in the eyes of professionals.Fortunately, his performance in the past two years has finally supported the personality of this 
   adventurer master
   , so Moody thought he was just not good at theory.However, Moody's doubts are not unreasonable - the reason why Lockhart was able to make his magic level surpass a vote of the Order of the Phoenix bosses in more than two years was of course not by any normal means, but by a few 
   plug-in
   The first 
   cheat
    is naturally money. With sufficient money and the backing of the Extraordinary Apothecary Association, Lockhart has no shortage of all kinds of potions, potions for restoring magic power and improving mental power. He can pour all the medicines without money, and practicing the spell will naturally get twice the result with half the effort.The second plug-in is Ravenclaw's crown. After getting rid of Voldemort's soul, it becomes a real 
   intelligence enhancer
   . Understand quickly and make the training method that suits you best.Although I feel very embarrassed to Professor Flitwick, Lockhart does not intend to return this crown.
   
   
Chapter 172   
   
   And the third hack is naturally the scientific theories of Muggles. As a person with sufficient scientific literacy, he can transfer many Muggle research methodologies to wizards for use.Although Lockhart's congenital conditions are indeed not good, but with his acquired efforts and various 
   hacking
    behaviors, he still opened up a unique path of magic advancement.In the short term, the crown and the potion may be more effective, but in the long run, perhaps the Muggle methodology is the best help for Lockhart to advance to the top.As evidenced by Moody's losing streak - Lockhart will get stronger in the future.After the daily sparring, the two sat down to watch the game again, and found that the game had reached the fourth group of warriors in the first round.Cedric and Harry answered the riddle correctly in the first round, and used the worms they caught temporarily and the silver teapot given by the Sphinx to catch the birds and snakes again.Next, they immediately used a 
   6' to jump to the first room, avoiding the melee zone in the first round.Then, Krum, who started second, threw a 
   3
    without much effort and landed himself in a room with a picture of a dog.The two of Krum were sent to Devon, England, where there was a village of wizards and Muggles - Ilfracombe, and their destination was on a hill next to the village.Krum thought he would meet a swallowtail dog here, but instead he met a two-headed dog hereAfter seeing the three-headed dog, Harry, Ron, and Hermione who returned to the scene were all shocked because they recognized the big guy.Isn't this Lu Wei raised by Hagrid?Sometimes the three of them would think back, if they hadn't figured out the weakness of the three-headed dog and held the flute that smelled of Hagrid, what would have happened if they faced the three-headed dog directly?Krum told them the answer was total failureHad they been able to answer the sphinx's question correctly, they would have had a chance of passing the room safely.But it is a pity that when they faced the riddle of 
   what can pass through a person's ears without leaving a hole
   , they failed to answer the answer 
   sound
   , so naturally they did not get the harp.Krum, who had no harp, had to use all the spells he knew, even black magic, on Lu Wei with his attendants.But unfortunately, in front of the three-headed dog's astonishingly high magic resistance, all their spells were bounced off. Although the only eye disease spell that hit made Lu Wei feel pain, it also irritated it at the same time.Even if you temporarily blind one of its eyes, the three-headed dog still has five eyes that can be used, not to mention three pairs of noses.The crazy Lu Wei chased and killed the two of them, and they had to turn around and run away until the three-headed dog was persuaded by the Ministry of Magic officials who appeared suddenly with a violin.Although no one was killed, according to the rules, the two of Durmstrang can only go back to the starting point, and hope that they will not vote for 'what' next time, because they still haven't guessed the riddle.Seeing this situation, Harry and the three of them could only lament that they were so lucky back then. Even Krum, who was proficient in black magic, couldn't deal with this thing. The three of them could only pass by Merlin's blessing.…or rather Dumbledore.After Durmstrang is over, the warriors of Waggadu are next.Because Krum didn't get through the third room, they gave up the idea of ​​using the number 
   3
    to step on the hole.As a result, they cast a number 
   6
    and successfully stepped on the only one in the top ten - a grid that didn't look like a challenge and a room with a green medicine bottle painted on it.And the question the Sphinx asked them was ridiculously simple—
   Bacteria live on teeth, so what lives on bacteria?
   After contemplating for a long time, Ouagadou's Dembele suddenly felt blessed and thought of the correct answer - 
   Doctor!
   Chapter 360 Everything goes wellAfter answering correctly, they were transported to St. Mungo's Hospital in London.In the hospital, the two warriors were warmly received by the pharmacists, and a bottle of fire-resistant potion was stuffed into their hands before they were sent back.Although there was no danger, the audience still had a good time watching.People who like to use their brains, such as Hermione, have discovered at this time that the places the warriors of the three schools teleported to are all well-known wizarding activities in the United Kingdom. While watching the warriors overcome difficulties, the audience also followed the camera. UK domestic travel - circle.Just look at Lee Jordan and you will know that most of his time in the commentary is used to introduce the background of the 
   room
    - Dean Forest is the main selection place for Ollivander's wand, and Ilfullco Mu is the breeding ground of Welsh green dragons, and St. Mungo's is the only magic hospital in England.If she guessed correctly, the 
   room
    at the back is also a well-known tourist attraction in the UK.In other words, the Big Five Tournament is actually a British tourism advertisement for the whole world.Sure enough, Fleur Delacour's round after throwing the number 7 was a horse-shaped monster in Lake Koror, Ireland.Because she is French, this time the Sphinx asked a French puzzle, asking 
   What can't be magnified by a magnifying glass? The answer is a fruit
   This puzzle was quite difficult, and Furong didn't answer it until the last ten seconds.
   It's prune!
    she said hastily.
   correct answer.
   After getting the correct answer, the Sphinx conjured up a whole bag of plums and handed it to Fleur.Thanks to this bag of plums as bait, Fu Rong and the others were able to fool the horse-shaped water monster. When it was eating plums with bowed heads, the invisible Fu Rong took the opportunity to put a bridle on it.After seeing Fu Rong's actions, Moody commented casually:    I think her combat style is more like yours.
   
   Probably Veela blood is more suitable for spiritual magic.
    Lockhart was noncommittal.
   But I'm curious...why plums?
    asked Moody, puzzled. 
   Why can't a magnifying glass zoom in on plums?
   Unexpectedly, Lockhart laughed out loud after hearing his question.At the same time, Hermione Granger was also laughing out loud. She had almost the same reaction as Lockhart after hearing Ron's puzzled question, except that she didn't laugh so heartily.
   Hey... are you laughing at us?
    Ron asked disapprovingly.
   No... It's just that this question involves breastfeeding.
    Hermione explained, suppressing a smile.
   Milk method?
    Ron was even more puzzled, 
   What does this have to do with plums?
   
   It's a long story...During the Second Crusade, the French Crusaders suffered consecutive defeats, and no valuable spoils were taken from the Muslims. In order to avoid the scolding of the lord, they could only go from around Damascus. Grab a bunch of freshly harvested plums and go back.As a result, Louis VII was very annoyed. He said to his generals that I spent so much money and time on you, but you got me back the plums?Since then, 'pur_des_prunes5' has become synonymous with 
   nothing
    in French, and 
   plum
    stone has also become the meaning of 
   empty-thing
    in the special context.So just now the Sphinx asked 
   What can't be magnified by a magnifying glass
   , the answer is
   Nothing (nthing) J7 is replaced by fruit in French, which is plum.Ron almost collapsed - he felt that if he went up to answer the Sphinx's question, he might never be able to answer it for the rest of his life.
   This... is indeed breastfeeding.
    He could only say dryly.Because the Hundred Years' War between England and France took place hundreds of years before the Act of Secrecy came into effect, many wizards provided services to the nobles of the war, so British wizards can understand the French jokes, but there are not many people who are proficient in French at the same time. .After hearing the same answer from Lockhart, even Moody couldn't help laughing.
   It's not good, it's not good for unity,
    he said.Lockhart complained for his colleagues:    It's a riddle told by the Sphinx, and it has nothing to do with us.
   
   Do you think I would believe it?
   After the warriors of Beauxbatons dealt with the horse-shaped monster and returned, the warriors of Ilvermorny finally started to move.It's just that their luck was not very good. They cast the smallest number 2 among the few players in the first round.Presumably to compensate them, the sphinx puzzles and room monsters aren't too difficult to deal with.
   Is the sea friendly or hostile to us? How to prove it?
    Boot answered quickly:    Friendly, because it beckons (Wave) T
    Then they got a handful of cucumbers and went to Newcastle upon Tyne Went to deal with the kappa problem.Of course, as a once famous wool spinning center, it is necessary to advertise it in the competition, because it is also the wool used by wizards to produce woolen clothing.The place.After the first round of the contest, the result is undoubtedly gratifying for HogwartsThe Hogwarts warriors took advantage of the previous round and firmly continued to occupy the first position; Beauxbatons jumped directly from the penultimate second to the positive second, and at the same time there were 1 and 5 Two dice were useless; Waggadu's ranking remained unchanged at third, and the dice left over from the previous round had not been used either.Ilvermorny was fourth, but Durmstrang dropped to the last place due to bad luck, and still stayed in the starting position.八\But if you think about it carefully, this is also because they failed to answer the questions correctly.Karkaroff's expression was very bad, and he kept yelling something.
   It's not fair! There is too much luck in this game, and why did it turn into a guessing game when it was clearly a test of the warriors?
   But no one paid any attention to him, not only the principals of those schools, but even the other foreign guests invited by the Ministry of Magic disagreed.
   If you say that, the entire competition is very unfavorable to women.
    Madam Maxim retorted, 
   None of them complained that the competition requires too much physical strength, so what can you say?
   When Dumbledore was absent, the person who presided over Hogwarts became the vice-principal, Professor McGonagall, and she agreed with Mrs. Maxim's words.
   Karkaroff, I think Olim is right, you should have more trust in your students.
    She frowned and said, 
   In any case, the standard for selecting students in the Goblet of Fire will always be to select The best one, the warriors selected from your school should of course represent the highest level of your school, and you should trust them to have enough wisdom to deal with this problem.
   This is a bit heavy, even Karkaroff can't accuse Professor McGonagall of being wrong, he can't admit that Durmstrang's students are all idiots, can he?
   Let's keep watching.
    Vice-principal Porter smoothed things over.Everyone was engrossed in the game, Lockhart and Moody were also concentrating, but what they were observing was the Marauder's map on the blanket in Moody's office.
   Harry and the others are going to roll the dice again,
    Lockhart reminded.
   I'm watching.
    Moody's magic eyes were also spinning wildly.Since they judged that Voldemort would definitely want to start with the Portkey, all they need to pay attention to in the Tournament is only where Harry and the others are going.Lockhart kept his eyes on the Marauder's Map, trying to see if there was anyone around the cinema who shouldn't be there.Because in the previous trial, Voldemort had been able to confirm that Hogwarts was heavily guarded, so if he still wanted to do something, he would definitely do it outside the school.So after discussion, the Order of the Phoenix decided to give them this chance.But so far everything is normal, neither anyone other than the Ministry of Magic staff has changed the Portkey, nor has anyone been under the Imperius Curse, Lockhart can't think of anyone who can be ignorant under such circumstances Feeling dropped the door key.When Harry and the others answered the riddle again and successfully reached the destination, even Lockhart began to doubt himself.Did we guess wrong?Wasn't Voldemort the idea of ​​playing the Portkey?Or did the Order of the Phoenix act too carelessly, causing Voldemort to become suspicious instead?That's right, Harry and the other school's warriors rolled the dice completely randomly. Even Voldemort couldn't know which Portkey they would use in advance. Maybe they didn't plan to start from this aspect at all?Still have to keep looking, Lockhart thought, touching his wand.Chapter 360 I finally met the sixthAfter playing until now, the wizards watching the game have discovered that although the third event is said to deal with Warcraft, it is still a guessing game in essenceIf you guessed right, it would be very easy to deal with the monsters in the 
   room
   , just like the silver pot is to the bird and snake, and the cucumber is to the kappa.But if you guess wrong, then the result of not having key props is that you can't deal with a guy like a three-headed dog at all.Of course, if the wizard himself is so strong that he can deal with the monsters in that grid without props, then it is not impossible, but considering the age of these students, unless he is a genius like Dumbledore or Voldemort, otherwise, he can only deal with it. Nomume MumemeIIJ{_/In short, the test of wisdom in this game is more important than spellcasting ability.After Cedric rolls a 4 and settles what's in room 15: Durmstrang's turn is next.Krum suddenly remembered after resting for a whole round. In fact, they could have whistled instead of music at that time, but they couldn't remember it for a while.Annoyed, they rolled the dice again.This time they were lucky, it was    8
   Although the frog-headed dragon in Room 8 is difficult to deal with, and Krum has not been able to get the meat of the Moon Crazy Beast as a reward for the answer, but in order not to stay in the same place for two consecutive rounds, Krum can be regarded as hard enough. One by one he cut his own arm, set a trap with his own blood as bait, and managed to subdue it successfully.Although such a move was undoubtedly 
   cool
    and caused a lot of witches to choke and marvel, Lockhart always felt that if he could answer that riddle, maybe he wouldn't have to pay such a high price.The other warriors obviously thought the same way—they had been staring at the map on the wall during their breaks, as if trying to figure out what the symbols on it meant, and to guess in advance what the answer to the riddle would be.Next, the warrior of Waggadu threw a 6 again, and caught up to the position that was only three steps away from the Hogwarts warrior.Furong threw a 3 after secretly praying and came to room 10.And the bad luck of Ilvermorny suffered another bad luck-they actually threw a (R)That also means they will be in the Durmstrang Warriors' grid.Seeing that the warriors finally met, the audience cheered heartily.Although it is interesting to watch the Warriors take risks and fight monsters, the three games the audience has watched so far are all fighting monsters, which makes people feel a little tired.See what to fight monsters, or to see the fun of beating people!After learning about the fate they were about to face, Boot and Stuart were a little nervous at first, but they were relieved again within a few seconds.There is no way, bad luck, they can only admit it.In fact, when the rules were first revealed, they were already mentally prepared. ,According to the rules of the tournament organizer, the five groups of warriors all start from one starting point, and the probability of PK in the first round is actually very high, close to 2/3That is to say, because Cedric used a dice to distance in advance, and Krum failed to challenge room 3, the probability of pk in the first round dropped to 7/25.But this is the same as turkeys, they can escape Thanksgiving, but they cannot escape Christmas. PK will happen sooner or later, and they can only choose to accept it.Besides, everyone is in their teens, who will obey whom?even if you gRuhm is indeed a world-renowned star, are we not bad?Are you the only Durmstrang who teach the Dark Arts?Ilvermorny's Defense Against the Dark Arts isn't bad either.To sum up, in fact, the two of Ilvermorny were not very worried about the duel, and were even eager to try it.And now there is a very favorable situation for Ilvermorny-that is, Krum and the others dealt with the three-headed dog and the frog-headed dragon in two rounds respectively, and Krum was injured, and now they will fight If so, they will definitely suffer.
   
   
Chapter 173   
   
   Boot and Stewart looked at each other, they both understood each other's thoughts, and then nodded together.I'm afraid it's useless, let's go!This time the Sphinx did not play any more riddles, because the one it had prepared for this room had already been said.It holds the ten-sided dice in its claws and murmurs words.
   Mentos—
   With a flash of light, the Sphinx turned the dice into a door key to room 8.Krum, who had already stepped forward, was a little puzzled.
   There's a portkey here already,
    said he. 
   We can use it for four of us.
   It seemed that he didn't listen carefully to the explanation of the rules just now, so he said such words.—Fudge, who was hosting next to him, rushed over and explained to Krum:    We can't do this. You, as the 
   forerunners
   , eliminated the monsters in this room, and it's not fair for the latecomers to wait for work, so you can rush to the goal first.
    Familiarize yourself with the terrain, and then choose the battlefield, this is the 
   encounter battle
   Krum's face lit up:    You mean, we can ambush?
   Yes, but the second portkey is not in the same position as yours.
   That's enough... This game is really fair.
   Krum stopped talking and called Christopherson directly. The two held the portkey together and disappeared from the venue in an instant.Then the warriors of Ilvermorny also came on stage, but they were asked to wait 5 minutes before rushing to Room [-].During this period, Lee Jordan catered to the increasingly intense emotions of the audience and began to spare no effort to instigate.
   Gentlemen and ladies, I am Lee Jordan. I am honored to partner with Mr. Flitwick Flitwick in this match to explain the duel of the warriors. As we all know, Professor Flitwick was a A well-deserved duel champion...
   Thank you, Jordan, but even though I am no longer young, I still don't think I will lose to anyone.
    Professor Flitwick added next to him.
   Really?
   
   Really, that's the first point I'm going to say - if you don't have the confidence to win the duel before the duel, then you will lose the duel, because your magic and your wand can feel you Inner cowardice,
    Flitwick explained.
   I see, but our warriors are all favored by heaven. I believe they will not back down! However, there can only be one winner. It can be said that this is a battle that puts the dignity of two school warriors on the line.In the collision of passion and passion, the fate of the four intersected...Will the winner be the wind rider from afar?Or the dauntless Vikings?Let us wait and see! 
   Seeing that the warriors from Ilvermorny also teleported over, Lee Jordan stopped the gag in time and drew the audience's attention to the game.It has to be said that his ability to control the rhythm of commentary is getting better and better.Chapter 360 Seven AmbushIn fact, the last person Ilvermorny and Ilvemorny wanted to face was not Krum and the others, but the two from Hogwarts.Ever since knowing that there might be a duel in the third round of the Tournament, no matter which school the warriors are in, they will add one item to their daily training, which is to fight magic against peopleIt just so happens that there is a dueling club in Hogwarts today, so the warriors don't have to be afraid of having no opponents when they live in school.Although they don't have to worry about having no opponents, whether they are communicating with the accompanying students of the school or communicating with the little wizards of Hogwarts during daily training, they are always exposed to the students of Hogwarts watching the excitement.After living in Hogwarts for more than two months, they gradually learned some things about Hogwarts through exchanges with students from various colleges.For example, in the ridiculously large student union at Hogwarts, there is actually someone in charge of collecting information on people who participated in the duel, and they have been doing this job for two years.Although the four colleges of Hogwarts also have a competitive relationship with each other, they are not sure about those from other schools. In case they face off with the Hogwarts warriors, they will not hand over their information to this school. hero.So being able to face off against Krum was quite lucky in a sense.In order to ensure the suspense and excitement of the game, the camera was shot by Jordan to the two of Ilvermorny.After the two American wizards landed from the portal key transmission, they immediately fell on the ground without saying a word, and then leaned back to back, looking around.In terms of vigilance alone, they are undoubtedly qualified.Although 5 minutes is not enough for Krum and the others to lay a large trap, it is definitely not difficult for Durmstrang's warriors to throw a 
   Safe Guard
    or set up a Screaming Curse. Triggered, the two of them will definitely fall into a disadvantage immediately.After confirming that there was no one around and no trap had been set, Boot and Stuart felt a little relieved.I saw Boot stood up, took out his wand, and began to chant a spell on his chest.A golden silk thread was stretched out from Boot's chest, and then connected to Stuart's throat.After being connected, the golden thread slowly lost its shape in the air.Then the two got together and seriously discussed where they should go next.Bout was older, so in the end it was he who made the decision. He thought Durmstrang's men would most likely lie in ambush near the water.
   Because they have just dealt with the frog-headed dragon there, and they are most familiar with the terrain there, and if it takes too long, we will definitely go to drink water.
    Boot said so.Stuart didn't have any objections to this, so the two of them pulled apart, - front, back - standing on the diagonal of a square, and then walked towards the front of the square together.Li Jordan, who was watching the game, immediately began to consult—he wanted to tell the audience what the audience didn't understand.
   What are they doing now?
    He pretended to be curious.Professor Flitwick is a real dueling expert, and he answered this kind of question without any hesitation.
   This is the standard formation for two wizard expeditions,
    Flitwick explained, 
   forIn order to avoid being ambushed by wild beasts or enemies at once, two people should stand apartAlthough Lee Jordan never listened carefully in class, he acted like a better student than Hermione at this time
   But if you stand too far away, won't you be attacked by the black wizard one by one?
    he asked.This kind of small problem is not difficult for Professor Flitwick, as if he was teaching the students, he patiently answered Jordan's questions:   Do you remember that little magic they used just now? Remember? That's good. It's a magic that shamans often use, it's called 'Shared Vision' and as long as they're in each other's line of sight, they can share each other's vision.
    to something.I have to say, whether it is the magic of visual sharing or their adventure formation, judging from the action, this is not the first time they have done it. It seems that the warriors of Ilvermorny have strong outdoor adventure experience.If the Warriors of Durmstrang want to sandwich bread, they may suffer a big loss. 
   After Professor Flitwick's explanation, everyone understood - it seemed that this duel would be very fierce.Finally, when the two came near the mountain stream, Stewart, who was walking in front, suddenly triggered a freezing trap.The sudden spread of frost made Stuart flustered for a while. After all, even if you know some things, you still can't handle them when things come to an end, let alone a fourth-grade student.Boot, who was walking behind, didn't rush forward to rescue his companion, but hid and observed the surroundings more cautiously.He knew that such a small trap was not difficult for his companions to break free, but if he even went to help, then it was very likely that both of them would fall into the trap.North American hunters like to place several smaller traps next to one trap.In this way, when a monster is trapped in a trap, its screams can often attract more of its kind.Being used to being a hunter, Bout naturally didn't make mistakes in such trivial matters.Seeing that he was calm, it was Durmstrang who was the first to lose his breath.Seeing that Bout was hiding nearby, and Stuart released a ring of fire, and was about to get out of the trap, Durmstrang and the two first jumped out of the hiding place, and used the fire ring at Stuart together. Stunning spell.But Stuart, who was walking in front, seemed to be pulled by some invisible thing, and suddenly stood up, avoiding the spells of the two.At this time, everyone can clearly see that Krum and his attendants have become the exposed side instead. If the hidden warriors of Ilvermorny choose to attack at this time, there is a high probability that one of them will be injured.But they didn't.
   Protect all!
    Bout yelled.The protective shields that appeared in time covered the two warriors of Ilvermorny, preventing them from possible subsequent attacks.Seeing that they had been exposed, and that the other party was already prepared for the follow-up, Durmstrang and the two had to stop and tidy up, and distanced themselves.
   Oh my god, the ambush has turned into an encounter!
    Lee Jordan shouted passionately, 
   Although Ilvermorny's prudence did not allow them to expand their victories, it also made them withdraw their late attack.
    Disadvantage...Professor Flitwick, what do you think?
   
   I misread it just now.
    Flitwick said honestly, 
   The golden thread just now is not only a visual sharing, it seems to have a certain physical support effect... The Americans have indeed developed many European countries over the past few hundred years. Unfamiliar magic here.P.So weekend deals
   Is there something wrong with playing World of Warcraft in the dungeon?
    
   very traditional coolIntroductionThe dungeon of Orario has not been completely conquered by adventurers in the past thousand years.So, can Rorschach, who owns the base of the four clans in 
   Warcraft: The Frozen Throne   ...can reach the bottom?24 hero units, dozens of types of arms, plus 
   Polaroid
    buildings at any time, and a 
   spiritual space
    that can store more than one unit
   Now, I'm an army all by myself!
   PS: To put it simply, this is the story of a certain celestial traveler who came to the wrong world with the    Warcraft System
    and went crazy to do things.Chapter 360 The eighth is holding backProfessor Flitwick is right, because of the distance from the European continent, the magic in the United States is now very different from that in the UK.
    Even if it was indeed born out of the British magic world.In fact, if you think about it, you will know that no matter where it is, its magic is affected by the unique magical creatures in the local area. This is the case in Britain, France, and Bulgaria. A curse derived from Latin, which is completely different from Waggadu.Moreover, the American magic community later absorbed the witchcraft civilization of the Indians, and gradually intersected with the magic civilization of South America, which made them even more distinctiveBout and the others just used a magic commonly used by adventurers from the American Cat and Leopard Academy to successfully restore the disadvantaged situation of being ambushed before, which was unexpected by others at first.In any case, encounters are encounters, whether it is Durmstrang or Ilvermorny.Durmstrang was still the first to make the move. After all, they were more familiar with the surrounding terrain, so they wanted to take advantage of the opponent's unstable foothold to attack.
   All bound!
   
   Thunderbolt explosion!
   Two spells flew out of Durmstrang's wands almost at the same time, one turned into a chain that appeared out of thin air, while the other turned into a cloud of fine smoke.They could have used silent spells, but silent spells have weaker autosuggestionsrelationship, the power is often less than the ratio, so they still recited the spell.But Ilvermorny and the two reacted quickly. The moment Durmstrang and the others uttered the incantation, the horned water snake wand in Bout's hand sounded an alarm to him.Without further ado, Dang even used a strange magic on his feet.The tip of his staff conjured a drop of black liquid, which dripped to the ground and splashed a puff of black smoke.Whether it was Krum's thunderbolt explosion or his attendant's binding spell, they all melted away under the black smoke like snowflakes in hot water.Then, the warriors of Ilvermorny fought back.In the black smoke, the younger Stuart pointed in the direction of Durmstrang and the others.
   The wind whirls suddenly!
   Krum thought he would be disturbed by a strong wind, but he didn't expect a small tornado to emerge from the black smoke.The tornado looked like it wasn't very strong, and it was moving very slowly. What could be blown up was only the rotten leaves left on the ground in the autumn, and it couldn't even lift up small stones.Krum was a little puzzled, because this thing didn't look like it could hurt people.They originally planned to use the binding spell to pull the two people out of the shield, and then use the thunderbolt explosion to bounce around the two people at close range, which can maximize the damage.But the other party used a strange magic that they had never seen before to 
   dissolve
    their spell, which was really beyond their expectations.But it doesn't matter, Krum has other preparations.He was confident that as long as the two of Ilvermorny stepped into his trap, it would be impossible for them to break free.The exchange between the two teams just now was seen by the audience, and they really feltWhile feeling happy, they also expressed their nervousness with their own yelling.As a student who did not do well in the owl exam, Lee Jordan found that he did not recognize a spell used by the warriors except for a binding spell, which made him somewhat embarrassed.But fortunately, this game is not his commentator, and he doesn't need to talk to himself alone.Sure enough, it didn't take long for Professor Flitwick to answer his question.
   If I'm not mistaken, that black liquid is the venom of Pukechi (American Goblin)! It can temporarily disrupt the surrounding magic power. Back then, the immortal body created by Gormley Gaunt with black magic was It was cracked by this thing... The warriors of Ilvermorny not only used it to evade Durmstrang's sneak attack, but also used it to change the structure of the Hurricane Curse, turning it into a tornado. It can only be said that it was done beautifully I
   ■
   The spell can also be changed?
    Jordan asked foolishly.
   My God!
    Professor Flitwick said with emotion, 
   Minerva has always said that I am too loose with the students, and now it seems to be right... Li, after you go back, take a good look at the spell model in 
   Standard Magic Level [-]
    Copy the chapter five times... don't frown, it will be good for you who will take the charm class in the future.
   Hearing this, Lee Jordan almost wanted to drag himself over and beat him up 10 seconds ago.Professor Flitwick's voice has just spread to the whole world through the broadcast room. If a reporter writes this 
   interesting anecdote
   , the whole world will know that Lee Jordan will be detained in school and punished for homework.It's a pity that it's too late, he can only talk about him now, trying to get everyone's attention to the game.Let's put on makeup... However, the Warriors on both sides put on a different 2v2 formation, noKnowing you as a dueling expert, can you explain their formation?
   
   
Chapter 174   
   
   Fortunately, Professor Flitwick seemed to be joking, so he quickly followed Jordan's words and changed the subject.
   Okay... I believe that after the duel club has been in operation for two years, our students have roughly understood this point—that is, two-player battles and single-player battles are completely different concepts.The most important thing in heads-up is the control of magic power, the grasp of rhythm, and the direct collision between two different magic systems. Whoever is more powerful wins. This is almost an iron law.但2对2的时候就不一样了——2对2并不是简单的两组1对1，单纯的暴力并不能让你在双人配合当中取得优势，它更强调对于场面的控制，以及双人是否能够作为一个
   整体'进行移动。Lee, I heard that you and the Weasley twins are good friends. You should have a good understanding of this. 
   Lee Jordan didn't think about it:    Yes, the two of them are absolutely unsolvable in a double duel. You dare not attack any of them rashly, because the two of them are like one person.
   Unlike Ms. Gourd in the previous two games, Professor Flitwick is also a funny person, so his explanation of the game and Lee Jordan simply complement each other
   Yes, that's the thing. 2 vs. 2 is not a simple division of labor. Those who thought that 
   you chop the vegetables and I cook the pot
    are called cooperation have paid a heavy price.It involves casting speed, as well as support magic that Ilvermorny performed very well, and it also has higher requirements for the positioning of both sides.Many magics that are impractical in duels will become very scary in duels, such as continuous control magic, or high damage but side effectsBig magic.Well, on the basis of understanding this, let's take a look at Ilvermorny's diagonal formation - two people in front and one behind - left and right, this formation can maximizeIncrease the opponent's attack surface greatly and carry out effective division of labor.The person in the front, the time from casting the spell to hitting the opponent is relatively short, so it is often the main attacker, while the person in the back is either a support type, or an autistic spell system that is afraid of interference and needs the help of teammates Take control of the scene. 
   Li Qiaodan took a look at the scene - and found that, as Flitwick said, Stewart in the front - has been controlling the tornado and the small fireballs from time to time are attacking, while the senior warrior Bout has acted as a support instead Those who use all kinds of wonderful spells are protecting the safety of the two.
   And what about Durmstrang?
    Jordan asked, pointing to Dems^^Terang standing one behind the other.Professor Flitwick understood it at a glance, or this small thought could not be hidden from him who had been immersed in this way for a long time.
   Obviously, the tight front and rear positioning is to ensure the safety of the casters in the back row.
   He says.Lee Jordan still doesn't understand:    But the one behind is Krum, which means...
   In other words, Krum, who is hiding behind, is probably going to make a big move. Flitwick answered his question straightforwardly.Chapter 360 IXWhat kind of big move Klum is doing, Lee Jordan can't tell at all based on his current level.But an obvious fact is that the tornado summoned by Ilvermorni and the others is getting stronger and stronger.As Professor Flitwick explained just now, the formation of the two warriors of Ilvermorny belongs to the 
   diagonal position
   . The 
   attendant
    Stewart in the front position is the main attacker, while the senior warriors behind are supporting instead.While throwing a small fireball at Krum and the two of them, Stuart was distracted to control the tornado beside him, appearing to be able to handle it with ease.It's not that Krum didn't think about knocking Stewart unconscious first to make him lose his fighting power, but the support from Bu ^[Si] made their several attacks fail.Whether it was pulled by the invisible thread or the long-range rebound spell, it was difficult for Durmstrang to attack Stuart effectively.So they logically thought of going to attack the oblique Bout—in that case, they should kill the supporters behind them first!But the problem is that the invisible silk thread seems to be a two-way magic. Not only can Boote use it to help the front row adjust his position, but Stewart can also use it to help Boote dodge Durmstrang's attack.What's more troublesome is that Durmstrang chose to attack the back row. Because of the position, they were tantamount to exposing the flanks to Stewart in front, so that he could throw fireballs more recklessly.Even now, Durmstrang and the others couldn't discover Bout's characteristic—he was better at defense and support than offense.When a wizard does nothing, he relies on various shields and defensive spellsWhen bouncing back, unless you cast spells that far exceed the upper limit of the opponent's capacity at one time, it is difficult to break through the 5 (inch square defense.The duel continued in this stalemate for a while, until the female man finally discovered that the inconspicuous tornado had begun to blow the sand and gravel on the ground.This tornado has been doing nothing since it was called out. At most, it disturbed Durmstrang's line of sight in the middle of the battlefield. Christopherson didn't even notice when the tornado became so huge. Because she didn't see any move by the people of Ilvermorny to strengthen it.At this moment, Stuart threw a fireball at them again, and then she bounced it off impatiently with the Iron Armor Charm.The fireball was bounced into the open space, and because it was close to a water source, the ground was very wet, so it did not ignite the moss on the ground.However, since Christopherson noticed the relationship between the tornado, she finally discovered that the moment the fireball exploded on the ground, the tornado became even bigger.Although she didn't understand that the way tornadoes are formed is the updraft and vertical wind shear caused by unstable energy, and she didn't know how many years American wizards have studied tornadoes, but this did not prevent her from judging from experience that it was Iraq. Fameni's people have no intention of doing so.
   They're intensifying that tornado with flames!
    she yelled behind herKrum nodded sullenly, indicating that he knew about it.
   It's going to be over soon,
    he assured, 
   whether it's a tornado or whatever.
   Of course Christopherson knew his plan, so he didn't say anything, but continued to attack.From just now until now, the spells they use are not complicated, such as stun spells, banishing spells, binding spells, etc. Even if ordinary students don’t know how to use them, at least they have heard of them.But from now on, Durmstrang's duo began to use some Nordic-style magic,
   The ground is freezing and the sky is freezing!
   
   Snow abuses ice glutton!
   Seeing that Durmstrang's people suddenly stopped targeting their own shields and started using ice and snow magic, how could the Ilvermorny warriors not know that their little schemes had been seen through.But what's interesting is that although these ice and snow magics did block the rise of the updraft, they made the tornado stronger in the short term.This can only be said to be scary without culture—the formation of a tornado is a complex multi-factor process, so the short-term alternation of cold and heat has caused a more severe vertical wind shear, which is beyond the comprehension of wizards.Seeing that their plan was seen through, the two of Ilvermorny immediately stopped covering up.Bout stopped his action of continuing to maintain the defensive front, suddenly changed his offensive, and began to use the transformation technique on the tornado, changing its nature.Stuart also no longer used those fireballs that seemed to be so powerful but actually missed at all, but used strong lights to try to interfere with the counterattack of the Durmstrang warriors.— Time, danger abounds here in Durmstrang.After the tornado is changed in nature by the transformation technique, the effect can be said to be immediateIf it was like a kitten with its belly exposed just now, now it is a hungry tiger, and just now it looks like it can't even blow on a blade of grass, making a tooth-piercing whistling sound. Where there are flying sand and rocks, no grass grows, and aIt was a completely different body a few minutes ago.Even Professor McGonagall, who was watching the battle, couldn't help but let out a 
   huh
   —this kind of air deformation was something she had rarely seen in the past few decades.First, it gave the rotten leaves wrapped in the tornado a metallic texture, and then gave a part of the strong wind the nature of flowing water... Although it was a coincidence, the difficulty of this magic still surprised Professor McGonagall.It's a pity that Bout is already in the seventh grade, otherwise Professor McGonagall will let him come to Hogwarts to study for a while anyway.Krum tentatively manipulated the tornado with Transfiguration, and found that his understanding of it was completely inferior to those of the two Americans, so he gave up.It seems that the people of Ilvermorny have planned everything for this moment.Although escaping seems to solve the problem, Krum can't guarantee that if he escapes, people from the British Ministry of Magic will directly punish him.It should be counted... In the 
   drama circle
   , this is just a conflict between warriors, no one will die, so as long as one side loses, the outcome of this room will be decided.Fortunately, Krum didn't intend to run at all.
   Trying to save another 2 minutes, but it looks like they're not going to give us a chance. oo Heather, go for it!
   Christopherson nodded, then reached out and took out a stone from his arms, and threw it to the ground.
   Torn apart!
    she cried, aiming her wand at the stone.With the sound of her chanting, this seemingly ordinary piece of stone was naturally shattered into pieces.The people watching the game were inexplicable, and no one knew why the warriors of Durmstrang suddenly smashed a stone in the middle of the game.But they soon knew - because something collapsed in the distanceProduction said.Afterwards, the whistling sound of the rushing river reached the ears of everyone present, and even the slight vibration of the ground could be felt.The two of Ilvermorny were taken aback, because they finally understood what Krum and the others had done.They must have blocked the mountain stream with magic while they were in ambush.And the piece of stone that was crushed should have used simultaneous deformation, and it was connected with the 
   eye
    on the embankment.
   You're crazy!
    Boot yelled at Krum.No wonder Krum's attack is so weak. It turns out that most of his magic power is used to block the water.Krum didn't even bother to talk nonsense with them. Not only did he not reply to Bout's rant, he even added a dimension to what he did.
   Create wind and waves!
    He took out his wand and pointed his finger behind him.Now the audience can also see what Krum and the others have done-the mountain stream that broke the embankment is rushing towards the warriors in the depression.Moreover, the torrent, which was originally mixed with mud and stones, became faster under the blessing of Krum's magic.That was the magic used by the Nordic Viking wizards to control ships, and Krum used it for duels, which is a bit overkill.Seeing this situation, the two of Ilvermorny didn't hesitate anymore. They immediately gave up control of the tornado, quickly took out the door key, and activated it.There's no way, they don't have the confidence to use Apparation in this situation, let alone fly away without any flying props.As for running away?Ha, are you kidding me?Can you run?Chapter 370 Cheating is a Glorious Tradition of the TournamentThis game, which was enough to be talked about by the audience for a long time, finally declared its end in a mess amidst the cheers of the magicians.After seeing Ilvermorny's people fleeing, Krum and the others simply activated their Portkey and teleported themselves back to the game scene to avoid the flash flood.Seeing them reappear, everyone gave their applause without hesitation.The magic duel between the two sides is both confrontational and grand, as well as new magic from a foreign country that has never been seen before.There is no doubt that this thrilling battle is enough to make the crowd who come to watch the game talk about it for a long time.It's just that the Warriors can let it go, but the Ministry of Magic can't.Because of the out-of-control tornado and the sudden eruption of the mountain stream, it was enough to alarm the local Muggles.And they were indeed alarmed-the local Muggle weather station immediately issued an extreme weather warning, and issued an evacuation warning to the locals through TV, radio, and even home phones.But most of the locals didn't take it seriously, and even took it as a jokeIf the eruption of the mountain stream may be due to the melting of snow, and it is within the scope of their understanding, then tornadoes, things that have only been heard on TV and radio, are really 
   out of the box
    Some.Anything can happen in the bad weather in the UK, and tornadoes are not uncommon. There are more than 30 tornadoes every year. The probability of occurrence per square mile is even greater than that of the United States, but most of them occur in the southeast coast, plain areas, and mountain tornadoes. This fact is too much nonsense.
   I'm afraid the weather announcer is too drunk? April [-]st hasn't arrived yet!
    They taunted the local radio station's weatherman while listening to the radio.The Muggle's unresponsiveness and numbness finally gave the Ministry of Magic a chance to move, and the Aurors and the curse-breakers of the Reversal of Accidental Events Team had to curse and grumble while helping Durmstrang and Ilvermorny. The 
   kids
    pick up the pieces.There are tornadoes in the sky, muddy water on the ground, and it is still the coldest January. Even though the staff of the Ministry of Magic are experts in Charms and Transfiguration, it is still not enough for them to clean up these things immediately. Arrest, not to mention I'b. The logouts are also responsible for erasing the memories of local Muggles who have noticed something strange.Fortunately, the task of negotiating with Muggle high-level officials was kicked by them to the Department of International Affairs and Cooperation, otherwise they would really be bored to death.This is not over yet, thinking that these warriors have not finished the competition, and there will be several such duels in the future, the staff of the Ministry of Magic can't help but feel a little irritated, even if they know that they will get a fortune. The same goes for the expensive overtime pay.
   Which bastard designed such a game process?!
    They couldn't help complaining.In the Hogwarts Defense Against the Dark Arts professor's office, Gilderoy Lockhart sneezed loudly.
   What, it's freezing?
    Moody asked aloud.
   No, maybe some beautiful lady remembered me again, this kind of thing is very common.
    Lockhart rubbed his nose, 
   But then again, it's really cold here, can't you light the fireplace? ?”He looked at the fireplace sealed up by Moody, and couldn't help feeling a little regretful.
   No,
    Moody replied firmly, 
   I would never give anyone the chance to sneak into my office.
   Lockhart was noncommittal, as he felt Moody's persecution paranoia had flared up again, but given Voldemort's eyes on everyone, it was appropriate to let the symptomsIt doesn't hurt to have a flare up
   There is only a thousand days to be a thief, and there is no reason to prevent a thousand days from a thief.
    Lockhart said, 
   Our task is to attract the thief, not a snake with a bow and a snake.
    Moody also disagrees with Lockhart's philosophy. .
   I'm still concerned about Hazumba and it's their turn to roll the dice again soon,
    he interrupted.HeartLockhart hurriedly looked again at the flying carpet of the Marauder's Map, but he still couldn't find any suspicious names on it.Before rolling the dice, Cedric glanced at the room map on the screen.He and Harry had reached room 15, and they still had an 
   8
    dice that didn't work, so they were undoubtedly in a very favorable situation.But the three schools behind are also very tight in pursuit, and as long as the opponent is willing to roll the dice, they may launch a snipe attack on the two at any time. Their leading position is not safeEven if the situation was a bit difficult, Cedric didn't intend to use the number 
   8
    so early. Firstly, it was for emergency needs, and secondly, it was also because after watching a wonderful battle, he felt that his blood was dying. Some boiling.Cedric suddenly realized that he had a faint hope that the people behind would catch up and challenge the two of them.This idea only appeared in Cedric's mind for a moment, and then he threw it to the back of his mind. As a well-trained top student, he would not let his emotions break through his reason.
   
   
Chapter 175   
   
   He wanted to roll a higher number to let himself and Harry escape from the melee zone.Although the people from the Ministry of Magic must have cast magic on the ten-sided dice to prevent people from interfering with it by cheating, Cedric still found out after two rounds.- A way that is not a way.That is to use rotation.From Euler's law, we can conclude that there are only five types of regular polyhedra: tetrahedron, hexahedron, octahedron, dodecahedron and icosahedron.Therefore, the ten-sided dice often used in the game is not a    decahedron
   , but a 10-sided cone, bounded by the middle edge, with odd numbers and even numbers on each side.That is to say, if you use a little skill when throwing to make the ten-sided cone rotate, then when it finally stops, the numbers must be the ones that turned up during the rotation.而塞德里克现在要做的，就是将奇数的一面，也就是1、3、5、7、9那一边向上，然后旋转着将它掷岀去。这样虽然不能保证最后投岀的一定是9,但起码绝对不会是0。Harry Potter still didn't discover this little trick after two rounds, but Cedric did, and deliberately pretended to be ignorant: he even deliberately threw An even number, for now.That's not cheating -- that's the fair use rule.Cedric thought.As the fake Moody said in the original book,    cheating is also part of the tradition of the Triwizard Tournament.
    As far as Cedric knows, the principals of several other schools have already investigated the list of monsters imported by the British Ministry of Magic, and let them Their own warriors conducted targeted training.Compared with them, what I have to do is really nothingHe seemingly inadvertently held the position of the number 9
    in the palm of his hand, and recalled how hard he pushed the dice in the first two rounds, put the position of 9 to the top, and after a little adjustment, he exerted force on the dice. A moderate rotation force, followed by a throw to the ground.The dice gently spun seven or eight times on the ground, then slowly stopped, and obediently revealed the number 
   9
    that Cedric wanted on the top.
   Wow! What luck!
    Harry's joyful voice came from behind CedricCedric turned his head and gave Harry a terrific smile.
   Yeah, good luck,
    he said.Looking at his expression, he can be as loyal as he wants, and as sincere as he wants.Swelling this kind of creature, on the surface, seems to be useless except for playing dead, but if you want to be cunning, it is still quite a headache for other creatures-use Runtu brother's broken N handle Fork proof.Harry didn't realize it, he just thought it was luck for the two of them.
   You can solve riddles now,
    he called to the Sphinx.But the Sphinx glanced at Cedric meaningfully, and only slowly revealed his mystery after looking at him a little hairy.It seemed that it was not unaware, but it had no intention of exposing Cedric.Chapter 370 Progressing SmoothlyAfter Cedric rolled a 9, the situation became very clear, that is, as long as the two Hogwarts can solve the task in this room, they can quickly leave the melee zone.The Sphinx didn't seem to mind Cedric's 
   cheating
    at all, but asked it questions as usual.
   I like to think about life. There are many passers-by in my life, but what is my only (theneinmytime)?
   
   Your spouse?
    Cedric blurted out.
   No.
    Sphinx wagged his tail, 
   By the way, I have more than 20 spouses, and I get very tired every estrous season.
   
   Really?
   Even though they knew they were still breaking through, Harry and Cedric were still distracted
   Of course, if you're interested, I can introduce you to my hot chicks when you come to Egypt, but for now you'd better focus on the riddles,
    Sphinx reminded.Only then did the two warriors come back to their senses, and began to rack their brains to think.— As usual 5 Cedric is not good at this at all.What is a sphinx's 
   only'0 tail, if not a mate? He's stuck.It has to be said that this time the Sphinx's question was indeed a bit convoluted. Even Harry was stunned for more than three minutes before realizing that it was playing another crossword puzzle.Di...yes
    money (mney) J Harry finally answered the riddle in time, When eight ne' is in the middle of 
   my', that's money!
    Sphinx raised his paw and shook off a lot of silver coins.
   This is your reward for answering correctly,
    it said.The two hurriedly collected the silver coins, then gripped the dice that had been cursed with the Portkey, and disappeared into the venue.This time they were teleported to the Quartz Ridge in Shropshire, England, and they had to face a large group of Nifflers.Seeing that the audience was unclear, Li Qiaodan took the promotional materials and took the initiative to explain.
   ...In recent years, there has been a wave of treasure hunting among Muggles. Many Muggles are looking for prehistoric treasures with metal detectors and shock wave radars.Although their success rate is very low, unfortunately, due to our negligence and respect for our ancestors, Muggles did find a lot of coins and ornaments left over from the ancient Roman period.But other places can retreat, not Quartz Ridge, because there are dozens of unknown treasures buried by the King of the Hill here, which is a huge treasure, and the Ministry of Magic has found more than 30.It is estimated that there is a treasure mine at the current location of the Hogwarts warriors. They must gain the trust of the snuffers as soon as possible, and use them to find the location of the treasure. 
   While Lee Jordan was explaining, the staff of the Ministry of Magic staying at Quartz Ridge also told Cedric and Hart about the mission they were about to undertake, and only then did the two of them know what the silver coins the Sphinx gave them were for. use.From the start of the game to the present, the audience has also watched too many battles, and it feels good to have such an interesting game to adjust.The two warriors frantically used silver coins to attract those snuffers, and then rewarded them to the most obedient ones respectively, and finally managed to tame a group, letting themThey set off on a treasure hunt for themselves.After more than half an hour, the snuffers got out of the cracks in the rock mass one after another, and each of them became heavy.Under the watchful eyes of the audience, Cedric and Harry hoisted up the sniffers one by one, and frantically shook them. Finally, after paying the price of dozens of bites, they made a small coins, jewelry and gemstones.Seeing the exclamations from the audience, Lee Jordan lost no time in agitating.
   Look, this is the treasure of the King of the Hill! I swear this treasure is more than that, but unfortunately the Ministry of Magic is understaffed and unable to excavate all the suspicious locations, so it can only be cheap for Muggles... Ah, why no one Come to help?
   However, seeing how some spectators are gearing up, there will definitely be no shortage of such 
   enthusiastics
    on Quartz Ridge to help in the next few months.Of course, in fact, the treasures of the King of the Hill have almost been discovered by wizards, only some scattered small treasure pits have not been found, and the Ministry of Magic is too lazy to spend so much manpower and material resources to continue searching.So Lockhart came up with this idea-just like a country whose jade mines are about to be exhausted, they can also play the trick of 
   gambling on jade
    and let tourists help find the remaining treasures.In this way, the manpower and financial resources of searching for treasures can be saved, and the economy of the local wizard village can be developed through tourism, turning it into a profitable business.Anyway, the Ministry of Magic can collect taxes from the nearby wizarding villages, and can also share a 20% windfall from the treasure, so there is absolutely no loss.Considering that the Quartz Ridge has really failed to find any big treasure chests, the Ministry of Magic decided to adopt this opinion after discussion, and arranged it into the Five Powers Tournament for publicity.As for the coins found by the snuffers, of course the Ministry of Magic put them away in advanceof.Looking at it now, the response from the audience is very good, and it must be able to attract some tourists in the future. Everyone is happy.It's just that Lockhart was not included among the happy people, because the game was too smooth, and this also confused him even more.The sports department notified all relevant departments of the plan for the third game before Christmas, even including the last two games.Logically speaking, with Crouch Jr.'s intelligence ability, it is impossible for them not to understand the arrangement of this game.Especially when the fourth game was held right next to the castle, the fifth game was even inside the castle, and the third game would be the last game outside and to some extent out of the control of the Ministry of Magic. Good opportunities are almost impossible.Didn't the Death Eaters plan to attack at all?Or did he do it too deliberately, and the cunning Death Eaters smelled dangerous?Moody seemed to see through Lockhart's thoughts:    Don't be nervous, Gilderoy...the chips are still in our hands now!
   Di, it is still there. 
   Lockhart frowned, and recalled all the chains he had planned, but found nothing that could be exploited.
   Ms. Vance, are you sure that none of the people or creatures with access to the Portkey are under the Imperius Curse?
   
   No, I can be sure.
    Moody said with certainty, 
   Everyone present is acting according to their own will, and those spell casters are old employees of the Ministry of Magic, so there will never be any problems. 
   
   That's weird...they really gave up?
   Lockhart shook his head, deciding not to think about it any further.After finishing this task, Cedric and Harry have already arrived at Room 24In terms of the position of the room, in theory, as long as they cast 9 again, they can reach room 33, and then they can use the number 8 to directly reach the small room without triggering the room task.In other words, it is very likely that when the dice are rolled in the next round, the game will be over for Harry.If the Death Eaters wanted to do something, they would definitely use the next round or the next round to solve the problem.Next is Waggadu—their luck was not too good, and they failed to answer the answer 
   dog
    of the Sphinx, so when facing the dwarf monster in the eel farm, they had no way to use the white hound to go To drive them away, I could only temporarily burn a pile of leaves of unknown origin and drive away a few of them.Their actions caused a bit of controversy—some judges felt that they hadn't been able to get rid of all the piggies on the farm, so they shouldn't have completed the task.But some referees think that there is no need to be so harsh. After all, the piggies are not harmless gadgets like garden goblins. It is already very good for the students to drive them away without relying on a white dog, and they also presented a It's a good game, so it's completely passable.After thinking about this kind of debate about what is right for the public and what is right for women, Fudge decided to let the audience vote to decide whether the people of Waggadu can move forward.Although Fudge's behavior of not wanting to take responsibility made Lockhart slightly critical, but he did enhance the interaction of the audience, so he tolerated it for the time being.The final result was also very clear. The audience who watched the fun and didn't think it was a big deal voted to pass, because they wanted to continue to watch these leading groups compete with each other instead of Hogwarts students singing a one-man show.Chapter 370 Second IntermissionAfter Harry and the others backed off, the game was suspended for a while to allow the spectators to go to lunch.Because the situation in Hogwarts is relatively good, everyone ate the meal happily.Apart from the fact that Harry and Cedric were a little embarrassed when Sirius and Mr. Diggory got into a public fight over their argument over whose son was better at dinner, the rest was fine.Lockhart originally wanted to take the time to ask Harry if there was anything unusual about the two of them just now, but he bumped into his foreign book fans when he was dining with Gemma, and had to spend nearly half an hour to get over the encirclement. The more fans signed autographs, and when he freed up, he found that Harry and the others had already left.No way, he can only talk to Sirius, because Sirius is at least a pure blood, and Gemma won't frown when she sees herself talking to him.
   Is your work going well recently?
    He asked casually, 
   Have Muggles made things difficult for you? 
   
   It's making things difficult for me every day.
    Sirius was furious when he mentioned this:    That damned old witch asked me to teach me information science, saying that I have to learn everything from scratch.
   The old hag?
    Lockhart raised his eyebrows.
   That's Mrs. Rimington.
    Sirius waved his hand impatiently. 
   She actually said that I don't understand anything. If she hadn't said that she would have to work for at least a while, I would definitely resign immediately.
   He felt very depressed, because the Muggles' intelligence studies were really good enough. Even though he disdained MI5's fighting methods and various gadgets such as thermal imagers, he couldn't deny the Muggles' theoretical research. powerful.
   In a sense, you really don't understand anything.
    Lockhart said bluntly, 
   And last year, the Muggles promulgated the 
   British Intelligence Agency Act
   , I suspect you haven't even read it .”Sirius refused to accept:    Have you seen it?
   
   Of course I have. To be honest, if possible, I would like you to have access to the Muggle GCHQ. According to Article [-] of the Institutions Act, GCHQ has the authority to detect, use or interfere with electromagnetic, acoustic and other related devices, and full access to information from those devices—that's pretty much blatant surveillance of all citizens.
   Speaking of this, Lockhart sighed:    But I don't think Ms. Rimington will hand over such an important department position to a wizard, but you have to mention this and let them know that we know they have such an institution.
   
   No...
    Sirius didn't remember at all, 
   What management... call the headquarters■
   It's the Government Communications Headquarters. If you can't get in, I suggest you enter the anti-terrorism department or the security department. Of course, this is after you have completed your studies and training. I suggest you buy more Dragon Claw Powder and Buffy Brain Booster.
   
   I'd rather drink with my Muggle colleagues than study...
    Sirius muttered.But having said that, he still had to do it.Because that 
   old hag
    Mrs. Rimington really can hold the situation, and her speaking skills are not inferior to Lockhart, let alone scolding him, even the 
   regret
    in her words from time to time makes Sirius This man with strong self-esteem couldn't bear it.Sirius can choose not to do this job at any time, and then choose someone, but the premise - must be to go with a whole body of merit and glory and leave a perfect back, he can't allow himself to be looked down upon by Muggles.Seeing him like this, Lockhart knew that Mrs. Rimington must have figured out his character.Even if she hadn't seen this kind of person herself, there were still so many well-trained psychologists down there, enough for her to pinch someone like Sirius with a distinct personality and obvious weaknesses to death.Although Lockhart can see clearly, he is not prepared to intervene in this matter, because this is one of the contents of the tacit agreement between him and the Muggle Prime Minister. It is helpful to properly show the Muggles some transparency in the wizarding world To prevent misjudgment by both parties.For example, he announced that he was about to recruit couriers in the constituencies of the Labor Party camp.Originally Lockhart didn't care much about this, but Hermione cared far more about it than he did.She wrote an organizational outline for the 
   House-Elf Couriers Union
    for Lockhart, saying that it was changed according to the union outline she found from the London library during the Christmas holiday, hoping to help him.Seeing the neatly copied lines of Gothic letters, Lockhart must be lying if he said he didn't feel anything. If he wasn't a very serious person, he might not be able to write this kind of words that penetrated the back of the parchment. texture.I thought she was just enthusiastic about protecting the rights of house elves, but after two years, her original determination not only did not fade, but became more determined.Thinking of this, he couldn't help but look around.
   Where's Hermione? Didn't seem to see her at dinner?
    he asked Sirius.Sirius' eyes lit up:    Ha, you finally started to care about her... I'm right to say that, now that one really doesn't suit you...
   
   Shut up you! I just wanted to talk about protecting the rights of house-elves,
    Lockhart interrupted rudely.Sirius didn't believe it:    You care about that? This is not the Lockhart I know. She is helping Harry prepare his review notes today, because he missed a lot of homework in order to prepare for the Tournament, and next year It's time for the 
   Owl
    exam...What are you going to say to her?
   I want to tell her that her program is good, but I'm afraid it won't be very effective to apply it mechanically. The purebloods will object, and she'd better change the name to 
   House Elf Dispatch and Management Organization Office
   ... As for the content, There is no need to change it, pure bloods don't care about such details anyway. 
   At the end, Lockhart also carried a hint of irony in his tone.
   
   
Chapter 176   
   
   Sirius laughed: It seems that you don't think highly of them.Lockhart sneered:    Of course, I don't want to do anything, I just want to take advantage of the resources at hand for a lifetime, how can there be such a beautiful thing in this world.This kind of idiot is not as good as those Muggle financiers, who at least know that the level of education is the watershed that determines class. 
   /J Sirius always feels that he seems to have something to say:    Hey, I'm a working I
   ■
   I didn't say you.
   After learning what Hermione was doing, Lockhart didn't bother to continue talking to Sirius. Anyway, this guy had Muggles to polish it, saving him so much trouble.In the afternoon, I will continue to keep an eye on Harry, so that nothing happens to him.Chapter 370 The Third Dramatic SituationLockhart thought that No. 1 would be assigned quickly in the afternoon game, but he was wrong, because the game looked like it was just about to start.Durmstrang's round went smoothly again. This time Krum finally guessed the answer 
   fire
    correctly, so he used the magic torch rewarded by the Sphinx to pass through a quagmire full of swamp diggers. He successfully caught the copper-skinned toadfly with a long horn.Unlike Durmstrang's step-by-step approach, Beauxbaton made an amazing move in this round.After Furong and the others threw a 5, they came to a room showing a three-way intersection, and the destination of that room was a cave.There are two paths in the cave. If they choose to take the long path, then they only need to deal with a group of vampire bats, and after walking out of the exit, the task can be counted as completed.Of course, they can also choose a shortcut. The exit of the shortcut allows them to increase the distance of three blocks in the outer room, but the problem is that there are two gargoyles guarding the entrance of the shortcut.These two gargoyles are invulnerable to swords and guns, water and fire. In terms of magic power alone, they may not be as strong as the two guarding in front of the Hogwarts principal's office, but wild gargoyles like this are likely to be as ferocious when they attack. With victory, Fu Rong and Ke Ke feel that they are very difficult to deal with them.Just as they shook their heads and were about to give up, the two gargoyles woke up) indicating that they could pass here.
   You have the coat of arms of the House of Stewart on your hands...we too serve the great royal family.
    That's how they explain it.Only then did Furong realize that she was actually wearing a gift from Queen Anne Boleyn.hand 0Although this adventure failed to allow them to catch up with the two from Hogwarts, they also managed to shorten the distance to single digits, making them within the range of sniping.Fu Rong decided that if she could continue to shorten the distance in the next round, she would definitely use the number 5 and the number X to actively challenge Hogwarts, trying to prevent the number 8 in their hands from being used—who said women can't use it? Dare to fight?If it is said that their adventure has made the audience complain about 
   luck is greater than strength
   , then the warriors of Ilvermorny are even more eye-opening.After being sent back to their hometown by the duo of Durmstrang, they knew that if they continued like this, they would only be at the bottom, and if they wanted to make a comeback, they had to take an unusual path.So when they voted an 8, they found that there were only two squares away from the room 10 with the question mark on it, they decisively used the door key made of the horn of the horned camel to let themselves reach room 10, and chose to trigger .As a result, the content of the question mark room is actually 
   the rest of the warriors of each group sleep for a roundThis was a blessing from heaven for the two people in Ilvermorny. They did not hesitate to use up the second dice, which was the number 
   0
   , and fought for the right to roll the dice three times in a row.As a result, when the other four groups of warriors 
   woke up
   , the two of Ilvermorny had completed the tasks in the two rooms, obtained the Winged Demon Venom and the Golden Fleece, and overtook Durmstrang and Wa Jiadu and Beauxbaton came to the second position, and they happened to be three squares ahead of Wajiadu.After arriving at the position, the two of Ilvermony made a demonstration towards Dembele and the two of them, to the effect that they would dare to challenge themselves with the number 3.Dembele and Sankara frowned and whispered for a while, finally decided to use the number 4, bypass Ilvermorny, and make another flat roll.It turned out that something went wrong in this flat toss—they cast a number 6 and came to a room with springs painted on it.The function of the spring is to cast the number they voted last time again, so they have moved forward 6 rooms again.It is of course a good thing to be able to advance as much as 16 squares in one round, but unfortunately, they ran into the Hogwarts duo who were only two rounds away from the finish line.Cedric really didn't expect that the two of them had already led so much, and someone could catch up in one breath.But this is also to his liking, he has long wanted to find a justifiable opportunity to have a fight with other warriors.
   Harry...we haven't cooperated yet, have we?
    He asked to his sideAt this moment, Harry felt that something in his chest was about to pop out:    Yes: but I have no problem, I will be responsible for intercepting all the enemy's attacks, and I will leave the rest to you.   Cedric also knew Harry's combat style, so he didn't say anything like entrusting me with the most dangerous mission.As long as he was able to concentrate enough and take advantage of the gap between Harry and his opponent to make a final decision, then Harry's pressure would naturally be relieved, and there was no need to be hypocritical about this kind of thing.The second duel of the game fell from the sky unexpectedly, and the audience who had just started to feel drowsy regained their spirits and started yelling for the warriors on both sides.Unlike the first duel, the location of this second duel is not far from the end room. If you are beaten back to your hometown here, you can almost confirm a position at the bottom, so whether it is against Hogwarts or Watts For the warriors of Gadu, none of them can lose.But the two warriors of Waggadu looked a little frowning, because they really did notToo good at this kind of duel that is close to punching to the flesh.Vagadu's dominant disciplines are astronomy, primordial alchemy, and Animagus transfiguration, and these things obviously cannot be used in duels, whether single or double.So they resolutely decided to turn the guest into the main—after they were teleported to the room, they had to wait for the two of Harry to come to the door.Africa has a special wizarding profession called witch hunting, that is, wizards born specifically for hunting.They are good at using various totems, patterns and all kinds of hints to confuse the minds of animals, so that the prey can actively walk into their traps.Although it is said that almost all ethnic groups had such witch-hunting wizards in the early days, due to the historical environment, there are still not many witch-hunters left.But the warriors of Waggadu know these tricks.And Krum's actions also gave the Waggadu warriors a revelation-that is, it is best not to enter the battlefield arranged by the opponent, even if you prepare moreThey planned to hide when they got there, not to go to the two of Hogwarts no matter what, and set up their own traps.Chapter 370 The Fourth AttackAccording to the same rules, the two from Hogwarts set off first, followed by the warriors from Waggadu.Amidst the cheers of the audience, the camera was shown on Dembele and the two of them, and then they took the Portkey from Sphinx and disappeared into the venue.After arriving at the Quartz Mountain Range, the two of Waggadu immediately found a shady short slope and began to set up traps.
   Three feet in the ground!
   
   Expel the enemy!
   Mingbo and the others knew that this would probably be complained by the audience who wanted to see the wonderful picture, but they still resolutely carried out their tactics.As long as they can defeat their opponents, they will have something to say when they go back.——Although this is not decent, but I won!It's just that when they set up a large number of traps and began to wait for the two people from Hogwarts to come to the door, they found that they couldn't wait for anyone.Let alone the figures of the two people at Hogwarts, they didn't even hear a single voice or the sound of a bird startled in the distance.Strange, what about people?Even though I kept thinking wildly in my heart, wondering whether the two of Hogwarts were trying to be more patient with me, but Dembele and Sankara were not wily hunters after all. After waiting for more than ten minutes, they still couldn't hold their breath. up.Not only them, but even the audience present and the officials of the Ministry of Magic also noticed something was wrong.After inquiring about where the Hogwarts warriors landed, the tournament's directors contactedHe asked the wizard who was guarding there and asked where they were going.As a result, the wizard guarding there looked confused, and even asked a question, saying, isn't the match in this room already over?The weak link of wizard communication was finally exposed again at this time - as long as there is no prior arrangement or fixed contact method, it is simply impossible to contact someone temporarily.Knowing that something was wrong, the staff of the Ministry of Magic quickly started looking around, but of course they couldn't find anything.When everyone was in a mess, the air somewhere on the Quartz Ridge suddenly twisted, revealing a big hole, and Cedric and Harry fell from the air holding hands.They all looked a bit embarrassed, Cedric's curly hair was wet with sweat: it was stuck together with the eyebrows on his forehead, Harry was also messy, and his glasses, which had been repaired so many times, were cracked again Come on, it seems that Aunt Petunia has no plans to buy him a good frame.Harry even had paint on his body, his coat was missing, and there were still traces of blood on his arm, but the wound had healed now.Obviously, they encountered something just now.   Phew... what shall we do now?
    Harry asked out of breath, 
   Should we continue the game?
   Cedric calmed down:    You also heard what Mr. Shacklebolt and Professor Lockhart said. Let's not do anything outrageous in a short time. He will handle things well.
   Harry nodded. 
   So you mean, let's go on?
   
   Of course.
    Cedric said firmly, 
   It's just a small episode. Mr. Lockhart has his mission, and we also have our mission—that is, we must never shame Hogwarts, you say? .
   Good guy!Harry thought.If even Voldemort and Barty Crouch Jr. can only be regarded as 
   small episodes
   , then there is really nothing in this world that can be regarded as a major event.Thinking about it, they didn't suffer any damage anyway.Although Lockhart told them to go back quickly in an orderly tone, saying that they were just students and should not cause trouble.But when they thought about what the man was doing, Cedric and Harry felt that they couldn't calm down, and they desperately wanted to find someone to fight.
   You're right.
    Harry agreed, 
   Let's go find the people of Waggadu! It's not their fault, but they have to pay the price!
   The two of them discussed for a while, then tidied themselves up and went straight down the mountain.Seeing the appearance of the two Hogwarts warriors, the staff of the Ministry of Magic were really relieved.Although I don't know what they did or what they encountered in the nearly 20 minutes, but judging from the expressions on the faces of the two warriors, it must not be a good thing.In addition to the Ministry of Magic, the British audience in the Hogsmeade Cinema couldn't help but breathe a sigh of relief. They thought the warriors were missing just now.But when they saw Cedric and Harry rushing directly towards the trap on the Waggadu side like reckless fools, they couldn't help worrying about them.Little did they know that both Cedric and Harry were holding their breath now, and wanted to find someone to vent their fear and resentment about being treated like a child.Just in time, when they came to the ambush site of the two of Waggadu, they happened to meet the Waggadu warrior who wanted to come out to have a look because they were really impatient with waiting.Without saying a word, Harry and Cedric immediately started to attack.
   Cloak Flying (Acci)!
   
   Phantom Slate (Dur) Io
   Considering that the power of not chanting the mantra might not be enough, so Cedric did not use the silent mantra, but quickly uttered a short mantra.Harry, who is also well versed in this, did not choose any complicated spells, but conjured an air wall in front of Dembele.This is the routine that Cedric and Harry have thought up a long time ago—even if the enemy uses the simplest defensive spell 
   Prteg
   , he still needs to pronounce three vowels and three consonants, in terms of speed It is definitely not comparable to the three-vowel, one-consonant Feilai mantra, and the two-vowel and two-consonant Phantom Slate.And there is another advantage of doing this-that is, the props that usually protect against black magic will not work against non-damaging magic like the Flying Curse, and the non-directional magic like the phantom stone will not trigger the protection. spell.If you just look at this spell, it can cause very little harm to people.But when these two small incantations are combined, the effect produced is something that even the hindrance spell cannot achieve.Dembele, who hadn't reacted yet, was immediately lifted into the air by his cloak, and then slammed into the invisible wall in front of him.Because the wall is transparent, all the wizards who are watching the game can see a flower of blood spraying from Dembele's nose and sticking to the air wallThis collision undoubtedly blinded Dembele. He let out a scream involuntarily, and slid off the air wall to the ground like a fly hitting the glass.Before he had any reaction, Cedric and Harry had already started the second wave of suppression.This time Cedric used a silent spell - he threw several flying sand and stones at the back of Dembele in order to block the possible reinforcements of the opponent's junior students.And Harry faced Dembele, using his best magic.
   Except your weapons!
   The magic wand in Dembele's hand flew out of his palm, and at the same time, the wizard hat on his head, the throwing knife in the cloak, and the white stones tied to his calf were all ejected from the opponent's body. out.It seems that African wizards have more than just wands.Chapter 370 The Prisoner... BeastAfter Harry and Cedric punched together, Dembele lost most of his fighting ability without doing anything.He has no wand, no equipment, and two wands are pointing at him at the same time. There is a posture that if he does not surrender, he will throw two stunning spells at the same time, and he is really helpless.Although African wizards are indeed better at casting spells without wands than those in Europe, this does not mean that they can still maintain the same combat effectiveness without wands.Sankara wanted to step forward to support, but on the one hand, Cedric and Harry appeared unexpectedly, and on the other hand, Sankara was a junior after all, and the Hogwarts warriors could completely ignore him. Graders 
   set fire
   To put it bluntly, the warriors of Waggadu are still too lacking in dueling training, and it is difficult to compare with the two leaders of Hogwarts who have been dueling for many years.After softly casting a few stun spells and being intercepted by Harry, Sankara was also brought down by Cedric's sinister leggings spell, declaring the defeat of the game.The warriors of Ouagadu undoubtedly felt very depressed—the preparations made in advance were useless, and after a face-to-face meeting, the two of them were scrambled and defeated.——If you knew it earlier, you should implement the pre-determined tactics, and wear an auspicious costume to disguise until the last moment.Seeing that the Hogwarts warriors won again, the British wizards present cheered.Amidst the applause, someone still noticed that the stage seemed a little different from before.The sphinx who asked some riddles to the people present disappeared at an unknown time, leaving only the screen showing the map of the room and a group of warriors waiting on the sidelines.
   Strange, where's the Sphinx?
    Ron asked wonderingly.Hermione didn't see it either, so she couldn't answer him, but Ginny noticed.
   I just saw someone from the Ministry of Magic take it away... Rufus Scrimgeour from the Auror Office, it seems.
   Because of their father's work, the Weasley family is no stranger to the staff of the Ministry of Magic. Ron and Ginny both know many uncles of the Lion Pie.
   
   
Chapter 177   
   
   Ron was even more puzzled:    Now that the Sphinx is taken away, what about the game?
   As soon as the words fell, a staff member of the Ministry of Magic hurried onto the stage and answered Ron's questions.
   The monsters we brought need to be fed...In the next game, the warriors can directly roll the dice and go to the competition site without guessing...
   There was a burst of dissatisfaction from the audience.Guessing riddles is actually quite interesting, they want to see it.But the Ministry of Magic can't say anything now—because they don't know what happened, but Kingsley Shaker suddenly appeared and asked the Aurors to control the Sphinx, because 
   it changed Portkey
   Although I didn't understand what happened, the game had to continue, so people from the Sports Department and the International Department stayed at the scene to maintain order, while the people from the Auror Office subdued the Sphinx in an instant, and then He brought it to the temporarily vacated interrogation room.In the interrogation room, the sphinx has long been tied up with thick chains.And an African wizard is holding a spear, and it is at the position of its heart.
   Say, why did you do that?
    asked Scrimgeour sharply.The Ministry of Magic is not idle. Before the game, they checked all the people or creatures who might come into contact with the Portkey, and the game was held as scheduled after confirming that they had not been hit by the Imperius Curse.But now the fact undoubtedly gave them a big slap in the face—in the middle of the game, Sphinx actually made his own claim and used his magic power to change the destination of the Portkey.Although it was controlled, the sphinx was still wagging its tail leisurely.
   Why? I think this is an obvious fact, not a riddle.
    It said in a relaxed tone, as if it was not worried that people from the Ministry of Magic would kill it
   Bastard!
    Scrimgeour growled in a low voice, 
   Be more honest! Who ordered you? When? For what purpose?
   Newell, I don't need to answer any of these questions, but I think there is something wrong with your mind. 
   A rare sneer appeared on the face of the Sphinx, which was quite different from its usual gentle image.
   Guess the riddle, if you get the answer right, we will jump into the sea, if you get the wrong answer, we will eat people—this is such a natural rule, we are born for this, and we die for this...
    At this point, its tone also changed. He became gloomy, 
   But we shouldn't endure such a shame! Like a clown in a circus, you are at your disposal to have fun, and use our carefully thought-out puzzles as a dispensable banquet decoration.
   Seeing the British wizard looking at him, the representative sent by the African Union next to him had to explain something for his own people.
   But we've given you food!
    he shouted at the Sphinx.
   No, you don't.
    Sphinx vetoed flatly, 
   Our food is naturallyThere's only one kind of thing from beginning to end -- and that's humans as stupid as you! 
   Having said that, some things can be said to be self-evident.Sphinxes have a long history of dissatisfaction with wizards' restraints on them, and are easily bribed by people with malicious intentions, so it's not surprising that they did this kind of thing.But the question is, who ordered them to do this?Fortunately, Lockhart was more vigilant. After realizing that Harry and the others had teleported to a strange place, he immediately activated a reverse door key that was placed on Harry's body at an unknown time. Otherwise, it would have been difficult to say.After rescuing Harry, Lockhart and Moody used the exchanged Portkey to teleport there, saying that they wanted to 
   meet for a while
    with the mastermind behind the scenes, and cut Harry's arm before leaving. I asked him for a hair and a little blood, and I don't know how he plans to 
   meet for a while
    with the man behind the scenesBut one thing is certain - the Ministry of Magic has once again been publicly humiliatedScrimgeour couldn't wait for Lockhart and the others to come back to ask them the truth, because he had already lost enough face today.
   That is to say, someone found you and bought you...who?
    He pressed his wand against the Sphinx's heart.
   It's the messenger of the cobra. He said that he respects the customs of our species and will give us the right to release our nature after his master takes power.
   The Sphinx didn't hide anything from him either, maybe because it felt that its mission had been successful anyway, so it wouldn't hurt to talk about what the Ministry of Magic would know sooner or later, and it could also vent its grievances by the way.Besides, it doesn't like the taste of Veritaserum, and it doesn't like the feeling of being read by Legilimency.After hearing what it said, Scrimgeour was even more puzzled.Cobra's... messenger? He hesitated, 
   Who is that?
   
   He is much better than you guys.
    Sphinx obviously showed a look of recollection when he mentioned this, 
   That man came with a huge poisonous snake and hundreds of cobras, and told us made an offer we couldn't refuse... Seriously, although I don't miss the taste of human flesh after all these long years, my girls don't...I'm a good husband.
   Scrimgeour was furious when he heard this:    Damn it, don't guess riddles with me! What I'm asking is—who is that person?
   Chapter 370 The Unwanted AnswerScrimgeour's eagerness to find out the reason behind the black hand is not entirely for his own face, his 
   future
    may be more important.Anyway, that's the way it is in the wizarding world. A place with a small population is definitely dominated by acquaintance society. Even if you can't continue to go up, at least you won't be fired if there are no major problems.But if the face is gone, it is really gone, because everyone knows each other, and because of the small number of people, there are not many levels between the leader and the grassroots.Once he is branded as 
   incompetent
    by his acquaintances, no matter what kind of public office he wants to hold in the future, when people think of him, they probably don't think he can do anythingWhen Lockhart and Moody approached him discreetly, reminding him that 
   someone
    was going to mess with the Big Five, Scrimgeour was on the verge of death.He and Fudge are political enemies. Although Fudge, as the Minister of Magic, bears the greatest responsibility for the riots at the World Cup, Scrimgeour can't stay out of it. In a sense, he is more responsible than Fudge.He didn't want anything more to happen.After getting the worst out of the Sphinx, Scrimgeour went into a stupor—his brain shut down.He instinctively wanted to accuse the Sphinx of lying, but his few senses told him that no creature in this world would cover up a small lie with a ridiculously big lie.But he didn't know what to do.In a hurry, he called Kingsley Shacklebolt and asked him about the whereabouts of Moody and Lockhart:    Where is Moody? Haven't they returned yet?
   
   Not yet,
    Kingsley told him, 
   but it doesn't matter, they said it might take an hour to come back.
   
   One hour...this...
   Scrimgeour took out his pocket watch and looked at it, then slumped down at the desk and sat down with his head in his hands, his calves were still trembling, and he looked very helpless.After a long time, Scrimgeour remembered what he should do now instead of waiting foolishly.
   Shacklebolt, call Robards over here, we're going to... hold a meeting! Yes, have a meeting! We're facing a very serious... dilemma, and we have to discuss it!
    Kingsley fully understood Scrimgeour's disorientation in the eyes.A thought suddenly popped up in his heart:    Such a person can actually be his boss? Why don't you come by yourself?
   
   I'll call him right away,
    Kingsley agreed.He left the small temporary interrogation room and walked towards the fire on the second floor of the cinema.In the venue, Harry and Cedric sat back to their seats with tired faces, while Hermione and Ron had already rushed forward.
   What happened just now, Harry? Why did you seem to be hurt just now?
    Hermione asked him anxiously.Harry looked around and found that there were still too many people, so he didn't tell what happened to him.
   It's okay, it's just a little blood, and it's cured right away...I hurt myself.
   In case Hermione didn't worry, Harry added another sentence.
   Healed?
    Hermione screamed. 
   Healing magic is the thing you're worst at... Show me!
   Harry had no choice but to stretch out his right hand:    Cedric is still here.
   After carefully looking at Harry's arm and confirming that there were no permanent scars, Hermione felt a little relieved.But then she noticed something new:    Huh? What's the matter, Harry? This wand in your hand isn't yours! Where's your wand? It's like, like...
   Seeing that he couldn't hide it, Harry had to interrupt her first.
   Go back! Let's talk when we go back!
    He hastily winked.Hermione stared at the familiar wand, her lips squirmed several times, but in the end she couldn't say anything, only her clenched fists told others how upset she was.Meanwhile, on the other side, Gilderoy Lockhart is in the biggest predicament of his life.Although he had already made enough mental preparations, he still underestimated the negative impact of changing the wand on him, even if he drank compound soup and turned into HarryIt was even worse—unfamiliar with Harry's body movements, Lockhart's movements were restricted, and he seemed a little clumsy in the face of Barty Crouch Jr. pressing every step of the way.It's too big, it's still too big!Lockhart lost his mind.Because he was thinking about the Imperius Curse and Compound Potion from the beginning to the end, he completely ignored that little Crouch could actually infiltrate the game scene through the 
   Muggle method
    of direct bribery.Fortunately, the trigger portkey he had arranged ahead of time did its job-it teleported Harry and Cedric back to the Shrieking Shack in time.This is the advantage of being prepared—even though he doesn't know how the other party plans to take Harry away from Hogwarts, he knows that the other party will definitely attack Harry, so he only needs to make corresponding arrangements.Lockhart and Moody arrived at the Shrieking Shack through the phoenix left by Dumbledore in time, and there arranged the plan of changing the joist and post that had been planned long ago-he himself drank Polyjuice Potion and became Ha Lee's appearance, while Moody is invisible and waiting to support him.This arrangement seemed foolproof to Lockhart at the time, and he even wondered if he needed to put some water in order to leave Harry's blood in what Barty Jr. thought was 
   reasonable
   .But now it seemed that he was really worried, because Crouch Jr. was much stronger than he looked, and the most difficult thing to deal with was his Cruciatus Curse.Just as Lockhart has made great use of the magic related to the Oblivion Curse, the magic that Barty Crouch Jr. is best at is also those related spells that torture people and can negatively stimulate the opponent's senses.When Lockhart and Moody teleported there using the Portkey left by Harry, before they could confirm where it was, a delighted and slightly perverted voice sounded from nearby.
   Drill the heart and gouge out the bone!
   - A green thunderbolt rushed towards Lockhart's back from far to near.But when Lockhart replaced Harry with Polyjuice Potion, he reacted extremely quickly. He dodged the spell, and then rolled sideways on the spot, pointing his wand in the direction of the sound just now.Of course, the reason why he was able to react so quickly may also have something to do with the Felicia and enhancer he drank in advance.The lion fights the rabbit with all its strength, if Lockhart still doesn't prepare after knowing that his enemy is a Death Eater, then he is really sorry for his IQ if he is aliveChapter 370 The Seventh Cat Plays 
   Mouse
   After avoiding the spell, 
   Harry Potter
    immediately began to look around, and asked the Philosopher's Triple Company:    Who are you? Where is this place? What are you doing? Digory, where is Digory?
   He looked panic-stricken, fully showing the behavior of a teenager who was suddenly attacked.The strange voice sounded again:    Is this here? This is the grave my Lord chose for your dirty blood, Harry Potter.
   As the voice fell, a sallow, emaciated man emerged from nowhere.He was holding a magic wand that shone with faint green light, with a morbid grin on his face, and he was still licking his lips when he looked at 
   Harry
   . Look-a-like the guys from Gringotts that Lockhart metThis person is of course Barty Crouch Jr. Unlike the portraits in the most wanted by the Ministry of Magic, today's little Crouch looks desolate and haggard, with protruding bones and dense stubble. It is hard to believe that this is a wanted man The young man in Lingzhong looked quite handsome.It seems that during this time with Voldemort, Crouch Jr. did not live well.And because he was going to feed Voldemort instead of Wormtail: this guy obviously had to consume more than just mental energy.—The Cruciatus Curse failed to hit Harry, not only did Little Crouch feel no regrets, but he became even more excited.   It's a little mouse that can run very well,
    Little Crouch said with a smirk, 
   I hope you can struggle for a while longer, although you will eventually be swallowed by snakes, but doing warm-up exercises in advance may make you look stronger.
    Delicious.
   Lockhart completely ignored Crouch's words. He looked around while the other party was complacent, and found that Voldemort was really not a creative person. The place of rebirth was still in the cemetery, but he didn't know why Which cemetery is it?And Little Crouch's skills are obviously stronger than Wormtail's. Just after his words fell, many bumps suddenly appeared on the ground of the cemetery, and small snakes of different lengths and patterns came out from the graves of the cemetery. drilled out.Not only that, after the snakes came out, pale white arms also emerged from the ground.It may be because the holes drilled by these snakes make the soil of these tombs more loose, and the speed of these new things drilling out is not much slower than that of these snakes. The owner of these arms crawled out of the tomb slowly and heavily, and Cooperating with the group of hissing snakes, Lockhart was surrounded.If he hadn't watched too many zombie movies, even if Lockhart saw this kind of scene for the first time, he would definitely feel his scalp tingling for the current scene.Voldemort innovatively used such things as 
   mang moon corpses
    among wizards in the first war. Lockhart knew about this, and he also studied it specially.Dumbledore said that Voldemort believed that 
   corpses, darkness and blood
    were terrible, so the cave was full of things like infernal corpses.And as a man determined to pull out the 
   seeds
    in the minds of all Death Eaters and make 
   hooks
   , Lockhart of course tried to figure out why Voldemort was so afraid of dead bodies.As a result, he checked and found that in 1932, the first so-called zombie film 
   White Zombie
    had already been produced in the United States, and it should be when Voldemort was 6 years old.Set in Haiti, the film describes a sorcerer who uses voodoo to wake up a large group of zombies and let them operate machines in a sugar factory day and night.By the way, all people who landed on the island will be turned into new zombies.Of course, from Lockhart's point of view, this is an attempt by the Americans to vilify Haiti's sugar industry with 
   zombies
    after the sugar industry in the southern plantations was taken away by the Haitians.Just like after the new century, after the tomato markets in the south-central and southwestern United States and the east coast were taken away by Xinjiang cotton and Xinjiang tomatoes, the United States tried its best to concoct a 
   forced labor
   .After careful investigation, Lockhart found that this film was actually played in London, and because the Americans wanted to vilify Haiti to the maximum, the ticket price of the film was not high, and even drew a lot of pictures for it. poster.If young Tom Riddle saw the poster of this movie when he was wandering around in London, or tried to evade the fare to watch this movie, and let this movie cause indelible damage to his young heart , which is not incomprehensible.And when Voldemort returned more than ten years after graduation, and recruited Death Eaters, ready to start the first wizarding war that lasted 11 years, the true originator of the zombie film-
   Night of the Living Dead
    in 1968 Start playing.Lockhart believes that it was this film that inspired Voldemort. He already had the resurrection stone in his hand. He could refer to the magic in it and invent the spell to create the corpse, so as to use it to scare other wizards. .Of course, Lockhart had absolutely no fear of it.— On the one hand, because it is daytime now, the dead body is not as scary as at night.On the other hand, it is because, as someone said, 
   all the tools of terror stem from insufficient firepower.
    When Lockhart thought he could easily bring down a large number of infernal corpses, this thing was only for him. It's ridiculous.It's the same even if they improve the magic of this infernal corpse so that it is no longer afraid of light.But in order to continue to paralyze little Barty, Lockhart felt that he should pretend to be afraidHe took a few steps back quickly, raised the magic wand with the phoenix tail feather in his hand, and made a staggering look.Sure enough, Little Crouch didn't have the slightest doubt, but was even more complacent.It can be seen that he has been planning for this for a long time.He's also not eager to attack 
   Harry,
    but rather like cat and mouse: wanting to have a good time before eating.   
   
Chapter 178   
   
   Lockhart tried to squeeze the Portkey he'd gotten from Harry, but found it useless.He has never been able to understand why Barty Crouch Jr., in 
   Goblet of Fire
   , has clearly turned the Goblet of Fire into a door key to Little Hangleton's cemetery, but why doesn't he make it a single Compared with this, what Voldemort did to Harry seemed less insane.Of course, it may also be because the Goblet of Fire was originally a permanent portkey, which would send the warrior who touched it back outside the maze of Hogwarts, but it was only tampered with by Crouch Jr.In any case, the IQ of the little Crouch in this time and space is still online, and he hasn't made that kind of low-level mistake again.Seeing 
   Harry
    tossing about the portkey in a hurry, Barty Crouch Jr. was even more proud.He cast a spell on his feet, so his shadow and his body turned into a black smoke, flying all the way to the nearby tree
   Stop fiddling with that useless thing! Am I going to give you a chance to escape with it?
    Little Crouch yelled at 
   Harry
    mockingly, 
   Hurry up and struggle with all your strength! Let your life To be able to use it to its fullest value before it passes away, like—it gives me a little bit of joy.
   When Lockhart saw him fleeing into the tree, he knew that the magic of creating Inferi could not be improved after all.If he could control these things, little Crouch would not have to worry about being hurt by them.But now he chose to dodge, that is to say, no matter whether it is these spitting snakes or these ghost corpses, he can't control them, so there is nothing to worry about.For Lockhart, the next question became 
   how to deal with these snakes and Inferi with Harry's ability
   .
   Blazing flames!
   Under the interested gaze of Barty Crouch Jr., 
   Harry Potter
    hurriedly let out flames, trying to surround himself.This is normal. When encountering a beast, the first reaction of a person is to try to drive it away with fire, and this did not come as a surprise to Crouch Jr., or it was within his design from the beginning.After seeing the flames, the corpses stopped one after another.It is clear that they have lost the ability to think, but they are still instinctively afraid of fire.But the problem is that those snakes - after seeing the fire, these snakes seemed to be stimulated by something, and rushed to the flames, using their own bodies, blood, and venom to extinguish the flames.Suddenly there was a rancid, burnt unpleasant smell in the air, like the smell of inferior candles and kerosene throwing a piece of hard plastic when burning,
   Harry
    tried to light the fire again, but the ground soaked in snake venom seemed to be decayed by something, and the fire could not be lit again.Originally because of the flames and the retreating corpse, there was another scream from its mouth at this time.:Forcing towards    Harry Potter
   .
   Hehehehahahaha...
    Little Barty on the tree laughed nervously, 
   Keep struggling, little mouse, let me see more of your fears, I hope you can keep goingGo on, never give up.Lockhart couldn't help but want to roll his eyes, but his self-cultivation as an actor still allowed him to continue acting conscientiously.
   It's freezing cold!
    He once again cast an 
   owl
    spell.—A cold air shot out along the phoenix tail feather wand, the power seemed to be a bit stronger than when Lockhart used his own wand, probably because the phoenix tail feathers also had a stronger temper.It's a pity that Lockhart still feels awkward using it, because he obviously wanted to 
   repel
   , but the wand changed the magic he wanted to use into 
   attack
   The rapidly spreading cold turned several snakes that had no time to escape into popsicles, but the effect of 
   widespread cooling
    that Lockhart wanted was the opposite.Lockhart had no choice but to make up a few freezing spells while secretly thinking in his heart that he would never use a wand he was not familiar with next time.Chapter 370 Eighth CowardSnakes are cold-blooded animals. After being shrouded in cold air, their activity drops a lot at a speed visible to the naked eye.But Lockhart knew that since the other party had arranged for it for so long, it was obviously not just to 
   play
    Harry, and this preparation alone was impossible.Sure enough, seeing Lockhart use the Freezing Curse, Little Crouch sneered again:    First it was fire, and then ice was used after it was unsuccessful... This is so uncreative. The quality of teaching at Hogwarts has declined after I graduated. Is it that much?
   The reason why he can still be so leisurely is of course his reliance, because although the pile of little snakes fell into a sluggish state due to the freezing spell, the pile of corpses seemed to be frozen because of the putrid pus on their bodies. Much faster.Lockhart can't do this kind of thing like pressing the gourd to float the ladle.Mang Zhang has many obstacles! ' he shouted.The invisible spell tripped a few Infernal corpses, but because of the large number of them, the spell only slowed down the pace of the vanguard, and they rushed up faster.Lockhart had some headaches—he didn't have a headache that these things were difficult to deal with, but how to relieve them so that Barty Jr. could continue to think that he still had the advantage.Although it's just a test, he has almost reached the upper limit of these things-almost no magic power, can be hurt by physical damage, and has no resistance to magic. The only thing worthy of praise is probably the quantity... well, and horrible.If Lockhart uses his true skills, he only needs a superb invisibility to make these things lose their targets. As for whether to use the magic of the spiritual illusion system to make the snakes bite at the corpses, or simply bind them all and then go to the next one. Thunderbolt explosion, none of these are more important than deciding whether to take Gemma back to London for dinner at night or to go to Madame Puddiffe's teahouse.headache.Of course, if possible, it's better to use the patron saint spell 
   Guardian Guardian
   , which has an excellent restraint effect on this kind of dark magic creature, but for some reason, Lockhart still can't use a powerful one. Entity's Patronus Charm.But if it's 
   Harry Potter
   ...
   Damned!
    Lockhart yelled, pointing at the pile of Inferi.— a red light shot from the holly wand, but only knocked one of the Inferi back a few steps, without even knocking it unconscious.Little Barty Crouch was overjoyed, and this scene really made him laugh.
   Oh oh oh, use the stun spell on undead creatures! Queen Maeve's skirt! Has our savior been scared to pee his pants?
   
   Harry
    who kept backing away looked at the tree angrily upon hearing this.
   Drowsy!
    He pointed another red light at the tree.Responding to this counterattack, which was more of a vent than a counterattack, Crouch Jr. easily dodged it.Originally, he planned to use magic condescendingly to fight back, but now it seems that he doesn't need it.The young man who was already a bit left-handed and right-handed, after freeing his hands to cast a spell on the tree, the Yin Corpse and the group of snakes immediately took the opportunity to rush across the square line formed by the tombstones just now, and rushed towards him. In the past, there was a strong sense of tearing him to piecesIt seemed that he could no longer take care of himself.
   Master oo,
    Little Crouch muttered to himself, 
   This is Harry Potter ooo. As you can see, he is not an extraordinary person, not even an outstanding guy in school.
   It stands to reason that such a small voice should not have been heard by anyone, but Little Crouch's soliloquy was echoed by another person.
   Yeah, I see... that little bastard was just relying on his mother's magic and my negligence... You're doing well, Barty.
   A hoarse voice came from not far behind Crouch, clearly revealing the happy mood of its owner at this time.
   Thank you for your compliment, master.
    Barty Crouch Jr.'s voice became lighter, 
   Then should I arrest him? If he is slower, he will be torn to pieces by the Infernal Corpse .”
   Well...
    Voldemort finally agreed.Since being killed by Harry's mother more than ten years ago, Voldemort has been living in fear and panic.And when Harry was in the first grade, he finally had an intersection with that kid again, and found that the kid had the magic his mother gave him, and he couldn't get close to him at all.For this reason, after welcoming his loyal servant, Voldemort thought for a while, and finally decided to stand up from where he fell, and no matter what, he must get the magic that killed him back then.The only thing he wasn't sure about was, how powerful is that kid named Harry Potter now?The last time I met him, that kid was only a first grader, and now he should be a fourth grader. How much has he grown in the past few years?Perhaps in the eyes of others, Voldemort's caution seems a bit ridiculous, but combined with his own experience, this kind of worry is not completely unfounded.Whether it is Voldemort or Dumbledore, they have experienced a lot of things from the first grade to the fifth grade, and they have evolved from the hairy boy when they first entered school to the amazing existence in the W.Ls exam.If Harry is also a genius of the same level...After all, Harry Potter is the one who is destined to become Voldemort's old enemy in the prophecy. Although Voldemort does not want Harry to become very strong, if Harry is really no different from ordinary big boys, Voldemort will also be very disappointed .That's 
   my
    old enemy, even if it's not a genius, it must be a talent anyway. 0If the person next to Voldemort at this time is Wormtail, that is, Peter Pettigrew, Peter will use his three years of experience as a mouse to tell Voldemort that Harry Potter is just an ordinary sports boy, even if he changes shape He often barely passed or even failed in spells and potions, so let him relax.But at this moment, the person next to Voldemort was Barty Crouch Jr.Little Crouch has been in Azkaban since Voldemort's fall from power, and he has just been released from prison not long ago. Although he relied on his father's position and learned about some changes in the Ministry of Magic during the time he was planning to escape, he had to He reported to Voldemort about the academic performance of a certain student at Hogwarts, and it was a bit too difficult for him.-Voldemort was very worried that if he did it directly, Harry Potter, who had defeated him once, would defeat him again, so he asked little Crouch to come out for an interview to test Harry's level instead of directly catching him. cut bloodNow it seemed that he was worrying too much - the boy who had 
   conquered
    him was nothing special, not even an elite Death Eater.Has anyone ever said that?In fact, Lord Voldemort is a coward.Chapter 370 IX Success Is In SightLockhart tried his best to use a small charm that a fourth grader should know, and tried his best to delay the progress of the Infernal Corpse, waiting for the moment when Voldemort made his move.He glanced to his left and managed to sense Alastor Moody's mood swings there.The old Auror had been in place for a long time, waiting for Voldemort's final move.The beasts will only believe in the prey they catch themselves. The two of them must cooperate seamlessly to convince Voldemort of the blood they got; Te's escape seemed natural.Lockhart and Moody are walking a tightrope, but they both believe that their ability and luck are enough to complete the plan.After using the Exorcism Curse to push away several Infernal Corpse again, and accidentally 
   bitten
    himself by a poisonous snake, Barty Crouch Jr. finally couldn't stand it anymore, and prepared to get Harry out.
   Enough, you trash!
   While cursing in his mouth, Little Crouch waved his wand at 
   Harry Potter
   .The shadows on the ground suddenly turned into substance, turning into thick chains, trapping 
   Harry
    in them.Then, there was a 
   hissing
    sound in the woods, and after hearing this sound, the snake group besieging Harry scattered away.
   Blazing flames!
   Little Crouch raised his wand, and a burst of flame burst out from one of the tombs, forcing those infernal corpses back one by one.Even though little Crouch was very happy to see Harry dodging around in fear just now, it still made little Crouch feel a little uncomfortable that he couldn't personally abuse him.XX times iBut the farce should be over, now that Lord Voldemort needs Harry's blood, he can torture him openly.Little Crouch felt a surge of excitement when he thought that he was about to tie the thin little boy to a frame, and then slowly cut the other's vein with his own hands, and let him watch helplessly as his own blood drained away drop by drop. .Like Voldemort, Little Crouch also cherishes life very much, whether it is his own or that of other creatures.As long as he sees a fragile life, he can't help but want to accept it into his arms, and then kill it with his own hands. Only in this way can it realize the preciousness of life just like himself.After tortured and killed countless cats, toadflies and owls in various ways, little Crouch began to think seriously about a philosophical question - if a life is born to die, then what is the meaning of its existence ?In order to be like his own father, spend the whole day in a hypocritical smirk?Or after the wine and beauties, come in frankly, and leave naked?No, these are not what he wants!It wasn't until Voldemort appeared in front of him that Little Crouch realized where his uneasiness came from, as if waking up from a dream.Don’t bring it with you in life, don’t take it away with death—if you are like others, after working hard all your life, you die like the mice, cats, and owls you killed, how should your “nobility” be reflected?Only by effectively escaping death and becoming a part of that eternal life can wizards become real human beings, instead of being a ridiculous Minister of Magic like his stupid father.In this way, the 
   elite aristocratic consciousness
    from the 
   sacred 28 pure blood
    came toFrom the old Crouch's 
   power is truth
    education and the 
   philosophical
    conclusions drawn from his wild thoughts, these things gradually produced some wonderful reactions under the pressure of boring study and life, and finally made little Crouch gradually transform. It has become such a strange existence that others cannot understand today.-----Only when an individual gets rid of the fate of death, and then wantsonly dominates the lives of others, can this be considered success.And his master Voldemort is undoubtedly the existence in his dream—immortal, powerful magic, and reckless.Even if the master is temporarily weak, it doesn't matter, this proves that he does have a way to live forever.And now, he, Batimis Crouch, finally got a chance, a credit that would give him a chance of eternal life.After he succeeds, he must also learn from Voldemort, change this damn name, and condense a real name.By the way, I must also kill the disgusting woman who made me have nightmares when I sleep at night, and her child. If the blood is left by that thing, I will be laughed to death by the Death Eaters.After driving away the Yin Corpse, he prepared to 
   dig
    out Harry Potter who was trapped in the shadow lock, and prepared to tie him to the cauldron where his master was resurrected.But 
   Harry
    wasn't very cooperative, and he was still struggling.
   Fractured!
   His spell shattered the shadow chains that bound him, but it didn't even take half a second for the things made of shadows to re-condense and bind him again.
   Oh... my little cutie, you can't even tell the nature of the spell, you don't know how to judge the counter-spell, right?
    Little Crouch continued to laugh, that's right, that's the content of the sixth grade, our Lord Savior is not even willing to study two years in advance, who made him the savior?Harry Potter's clumsy magic performance made little Crouch more and more impatient. He regretted that he had spent so much time testing such a weak scum, and he even doubted his master's understanding of Harry Potter. Is it necessary to pay attention toAlthough it may not be possible to hurt him directly with black magic, there are so many magics in this world: black magic is not the only thing that can hurt people?   Disarm you!
    He pointed at 
   Harry Potter
   .The holly wand whirled out of Lockhart's hand, and at the same time a large dung bomb fell from his other hand.Seeing the familiar trademark on this thing, Little Crouch didn't even have the desire to sneer.Want to sneak attack yourself with this kind of prank...the savior is nothing more than that.
   Bind all.
    He then used another spell to bind Lockhart firmly.
   
   
Chapter 179   
   
   There was already enough time wasted. The Ministry of Magic will definitely send someone to look for Harry after they find out that Harry has been kidnapped. Dumbledore probably will come after him if he smells it. He must act quickly.Little Crouch took out a dagger, and slowly approached the 
   Harry Potter
    that was bound into a pillar by invisible chains, ready to cut the blood.At this moment, however, a mutation arose.The moment Crouch approached the black-haired boy holding the dagger, there was a loud bang in the air, and an old gray-haired wizard descended from the sky.
   Stop it, you bloody bastard!
    shouted the old wizard.Little Crouch couldn't help but forgot to glance to the side, but he immediately stared in his heartBecause he recognized that person.The visitor was holding a crutch in the shape of a human hand, the right half of his face was shriveled and ferocious, and a bright blue magic eye was rolling around in his eye socket, as if he couldn't be idle for a moment.Alastor Moody!Chapter 380 Continued PressureBarty Crouch Jr. may look down on the current Harry Potter, but for this old hero who killed Rozier, the strongest Death Eater, and captured himself and countless Death Eaters alive, he dare not be angry. Half a point of contempt.As soon as Moody hit the ground, he played a big one-he swung the human cane, making its handle into a long 
   noodle
   , and the top claw flew towards the trapped in the shadow. 
   Harry Potter
    in the lockLittle Crouch reacted quickly - no matter how frightened he was, he couldn't give up the credit for being so close at hand.In desperation, he could only use the most concise spell he could think of now.Mang Zhang has many obstacles! ’ he shouted, pointing at the flying hand, as turquoise sparks burst from the wand tip.Little Crouch's impromptu decision was done very well. No matter how weird this cane was, it was all physical in nature, and a simple blocking spell would do the trick.However, Alastor Moody's attack method is obviously not just a cane. When he used the cane to attack Shadow Lock, Moody's other hand also raised his wand.
   Whirlwind!
    Moody yelled.Under Moody's blow, the shadow lock that made little Crouch quite proud was torn apart by an invisible giant hand like a strip of cotton cloth that had rotted for more than ten years.Just now, little Crouch could mock 
   Harry
    for not knowing how to judge the type of spell, but this kind of thing didn't seem to exist in front of the experienced Moody. He easily judged the spell used by little Crouch Nature, and used the most suitable solution to the curse.After 
   Harry Potter
    resumed its action, it staggered and rushedHe pointed at the wand that had just been taken away, wanting to restore his ability to cast spells.Little Crouch saw that the situation was not good-if Harry was allowed to escape here, then his well-designed ambush would end anticlimactically.Whether he loses face or not is a trivial matter, and delaying the master's resurrection plan is the disaster.By the way, how on earth did Moody find this place?In desperation, little Crouch didn't have time to think too much. Seeing that Harry was about to escape, he rushed forward with his dagger in hand without saying a word.As long as he was entangled with Harry, he didn't have to worry about Moody's powerful spells hitting him.At the same time, there was a hissing sound from behind the bushes, and the group of snakes that retreated just now and the Yin Corpse that had been peaceful for a long time suddenly came out again.Their clear goal is to entangle Moody.Little Crouch originally thought that Harry Potter looked so thin that he should be able to subdue him easily.But he overlooked one point, that is, his current body is also not very good.Harry Potter has practiced Quidditch for three years anyway, and the house elves didn't make him hungry when he was at Hogwarts, and he has been training for the Five-wizard Tournament recently. very good.On the contrary, it was Barty Jr. After so many years in Azkaban, like Sirius, the foundation of his body had already been almost destroyed by the dementors.If it weren't for the house-elf Shining's care, little Crouch's body might not even be able to recover to a normal state.In the past few months following Voldemort, he not only failed to continue to consolidate his original airs, but also became weaker and weaker because of the relationship between hiding and 
   feeding
    Voldemort. If he wanted to say how strong he was, it would be pure It is self-deception.His family knew about his own affairs. Before carrying out this project, Crouch specially drank a bottle of enhancer made by himself, so that his strength would be enough to subdue a [-]-year-old boy, but what he did not expect was that even the After drinking the booster, he still wasn't strong enough to deal with Harry.
   Go away!
   Lockhart dodged the dagger wielded by Crouch Jr., and then punched him heavily on the nose, and a blood flower suddenly bloomed on Crouch Jr.'s face.Little Crouch seemed a little dazed by the punch, and when he realized that Harry had regained his wand when he fell, he was immediately out of breath.When a person is slapped or shot in the nose, his adrenaline will start to secrete involuntarily, and people in this state will be particularly irritable, and Crouch Jr. is in this state now.
   All bullets!
    cried Lockhart.Eight golden birds spewed out from the tip of the wand, and rushed towards Little Crouch with crisp chirping sounds.Little Crouch was going crazy—couldn't this kid think he could use this thing against himself?He wiped his own nosebleed, using a true black magic. 
   Blood and thorns!
    he shouted bitterly.With the sound of chanting the incantation, the two drops of blood on his face instantly turned into mist, and condensed into a red blood net in the air, stopping all the golden magic missiles.Then, he raised his wand again, ready to hit that ignorant kid.
   Drilling—
   But Moody cut him off first—he released seven or eight golden stars with a silent spell, and one by one they exploded beside Crouch Jr.Pushing him away from Harry abruptly.Is this... a compound spell of Magic Missile and Thunderbolt Explosion?Little Crouch was a little startled.Also, shouldn't Moody be dealing with his master at this time?Why does he still have extra energy to deal with himself?Little Crouch couldn't figure it out, so he glanced at Moody.As a result, he found that Voldemort didn't move any more after releasing the snakes and the corpses, as if he had disappeared into the cemetery.Although Little Crouch knew that Voldemort hadn't regained his vitality at this time, he still felt a little uncomfortable—he had fed Voldemort for the past few months, and he knew very well that Voldemort's body made of venom and unicorn blood was actually capable of casting spells. If you are capable, you can put at least two Avada Kedavra curses without any problem.It seems that Voldemort also recognized this old Auror who made him quite afraid, and knew that this guy had a magic eye that could see through everything, so he didn't dare to reveal it at all.In other words, Barty Jr. now has to face the pressure of two people alone.As for those ghouls and little snakes—they had already been tied together by Moody with a group binding spell, and they couldn't move at all.Only then did Little Crouch suddenly realize that the compound spell of the thunderbolt explosion just now was supposed to blow up those infernal corpses, but seeing that Harry was in a critical situation, he controlled the spell to hit him.Is this the strength of the number one Auror?Someone even the old jerk at home depends on.Chapter 380Although Crouch Jr. felt that if he tried his best, he would not necessarily lose to Moody.But the problem is that he is also afraid of death now, he dare not risk everything.Voldemort may have a way to make himself immortal, but so far, he has never resurrected a Death Eater before, and Crouch Jr. feels that he is not worthy of Voldemort's precedent.If he died, the master's resurrection would be delayed again... He used this reason to paralyze himself.Since he didn't intend to fight Moody, then he could only make a last resort, killing Harry and taking blood.As if guessing what was in Little Crouch's mind, Voldemort's voice came into his heart from nowhere.
   Can't kill him... blood has to be useful while alive.
   This sentence made little Crouch cry in his heart, because given the current situation, it is impossible to capture Potter alive, and it is already painful enough for him to deal with MoodyEven more terrifying is Dumbledore.No matter how Moody found this place, he could not have not informed Dumbledore,
    even if Dumbledore should not be at school at this time.And as long as Dumbledore was notified, it would probably take only a few seconds for him to get here, and that would be a big trouble.Thinking of this, Little Crouch no longer hesitated.He first took a few steps back, giving up the close entanglement with Harry, and then waved around him.Thick black mist sprayed out from the tip of the staff, and exuded a rotten aura that filled the surrounding area.spread out.After 
   Harry
    saw this, he couldn't help but also took two steps back, trying to distance himself from this disgusting thing.The black mist rolled and condensed into a black skull in the air, and the 
   teeth
    opened, ejecting a tongue made of black mist towards Moody.Of course, Moody would not be fooled by these superficial phenomena. His magic eyes told it that this offensive looked menacing, but it was actually just a show.He also waved his magic wand, attaching an orange flame to his cane, and then the cane became longer again, binding the black skull's tongue like a snake, preventing it from getting close before it could get close. It was strangled cleanly.Although the magic was broken, Crouch didn't use this magic to cause harm to Moody. What he wanted was to give himself time to take Harry's blood.Voldemort, who was hiding in the forest, finally made a move - he attached his cursed body to Nagini, and used a petrifying gaze towards Moody.Before the malicious spell entangled himself, Moody discovered the abnormal magic fluctuations on Voldemort's side.He hastily called back the extended cane, let it surround him, and at the same time added a small magic spell for himself that ejects physical attacks.As for those little magics that are not very powerful but extremely annoying, Moody handed over the equipment on his body to deal with them.Seeing that Voldemort was indeed entangled with Moody, Little Crouch finally found his chance and cast the Cutting Curse on Harry.
   Shattered!
    he shouted.If he can learn Snape's 
   Shen Feng Wu Ying
   , then I believe that whether it is Lockhart or Harry here, he will pay a very heavy price - because Shen Feng Wu Ying can heal, but it is cut off part of it cannot be reproduced.Fortunately, although little Crouch was trusted by Voldemort, he didn't seem to be able to learn anything from his 
   senior
   , so he still only used the Cutting Curse that he had strengthened.5 Heli
    was obviously not prepared for this, he was cut with a deep bone wound on his shoulder by the cutting curse of Crouch Jr.Immediately, as if he had found a breakthrough, the blood rushed out from the wound, staining Harry's coat and the surrounding ground red.Seeing this scene, little Crouch was overjoyed.He has already discovered that although this kid's magic power and spellcasting skills are not very good, but his skills are extremely flexible and his reaction is fast, so it is difficult to hit him.He was worried that the spell would be missed just now, so he aimed at Harry's target's largest chest and scratched it.Although he failed to hit the expected position, it was good to cut his shoulder, at least he had the blood he wanted.I saw 
   Harry Potter
    yelled out in pain after being hit, and fell forward.Of course, Crouch Jr. would not let go of such a good opportunity.
   Blood thorns!
    he yelled, pointing at Harry's blood.Moody finally noticed Harry's side after dealing with the harassment from Voldemort's remnant.Seeing that Harry was injured, Moody, who had a grim face, also had a trace of panic on his face.
   Hold on, Harry!
    he yelled to this side, 
   The house is collapsing!
    With the release of this powerful spell, not to mention the little Crouch who faced it directly, even Voldemort in the distance They all felt the creepy magic fluctuations.No wonder he was able to capture so many of his men... Voldemort said that because of the threat from Moody, Damocles called 
   Dumbledore
   The sword of Lis was still hanging over his head, and his master would not be able to participate in the battle for a while, so little Crouch had to choose to avoid the edge temporarily.He flung himself at a headstone with no regard for decency, and hid behind it, as if the granite would give him a sense of security.But it can't.Moody's spell was so powerful that four or five Muggle graves were blown open by this spell, and even a white marble cross flew into the sky.Little Crouch secretly thought he was lucky, and at the same time collected the blood that Harry shed just now with a crystal bottle.Voldemort doesn't need much blood, theoretically one drop is enough, but little Crouch wants to collect more anyway.After getting the blood, little Crouch no longer loves fighting.He used smoke as a cover, and cast a series of spells at Harry, forcing Moody to devote all his energy to protecting Harry, and then he took the opportunity to send a signal to the depths of the cemetery, using Apparition Followed around Voldemort and quickly left the scene.There, he took out the second Portkey that he had already prepared, and prepared to take his master away.Moody in the distance seemed unwilling to let little Crouch run away like this, so after healed 
   Harry
    with a healing spell, he turned his magic eye and confirmed the location of Voldemort in the distance.
   Want to pretend to chase?
    he asked Lockhart.Lockhart answered him with practical actions:    Soul Torrent!
   In the distance, Barty Jr. seemed to be about to say something to Voldemort, but a beam of light suddenly burst out from Moody's position and shot toward Voldemort.Voldemort felt the power of this magic, and as if he felt a dangerous snake, the alarm bells rang in his heart.
   Quick! Go now!
    He quickly ordered to little Crouch, 
   That guy's magic eyes can see us!
   Little Crouch naturally also felt the horror of that magic, without Voldemort needing to explain too much, he coiled the snake possessed by Voldemort around his body, and then gripped the Portkey tightly.— A white light flashed, and Crouch Jr. disappeared from the scene together with Voldemort who was possessed by Nagini.The torrent of souls exuding the smell of fireworks failed to hit its target, but swept away the lonely ghosts along the way - it seems that this cemetery will become quite 
   clean
    in the days to comeChapter 380 ReviewAfter Voldemort left, 
   Harry
    who was lying weakly in Moody's arms suddenly sat up.Looking at his energetic appearance, you will never believe that this guy has been seriously injured before.
   Okay, Alastor, let's go and see the results.
    He said to Moody enthusiastically, 
   That guy escaped in a hurry, maybe he left some spoils here.
   Moody looked sullen.
   That last spell you used was completely unnecessary,
    he complained, 
   if—if Voldemort finds out...
   
   
   
Chapter 180   
   
   Lockhart disagreed:    It doesn't matter, Voldemort will only think it's a spell you used.
   
   Do you have to do this?
   
   It has to be like this.
    Lockhart argued, 
   We can't give them time to think. If they settle down and observe more carefully, they will find that the bottle of blood may not be so fresh.
   Moody snorted coldly, but he didn't refute what Lockhart said.
   Did Crouch find out? I mean you weren't injured.
    He asked in a muffled voice.For some reason, Lockhart looked a little smug.
   Shouldn't have noticed, that guy doesn't have the magic power perception level of the mysterious man.
    He replied.Considering that Voldemort will regain his strength soon, Lockhart can no longer continue to chantThe name Old Demon, in case the other party knows his location through his real name.Moody immediately pressed:    Are you sure 0
   
   To be sure, when I used the stun spell, I used double magic, buried a concealed confusion spell in it, and didn't let it take effect right away-as a result, the guy didn't notice it at all.So when I used Magic Missile, I also buried a mild Illusion Charm in it. He was dealing with your 
   Fast Star
    and didn't notice it-if I didn't pay special attention, I believe no one would have noticed What I see is actually so slightly different from reality.”In order to enhance his persuasiveness, Lockhart raised his right hand deliberately when he said 
   a tiny bit
   , making a small gap between his index finger and thumb.Moody didn't take the next step:    Maybe
   .This routine was discussed by them a long time ago - Moody appeared when Crouch Jr. was about to make a move, and put pressure on him, so that they could not detect Lockhart's illusion magic, so that they could take it without knowing it. Walk in real Harry's blood.Little Crouch's Cutting Curse didn't hit Lockhart at all, and the blood he collected from the ground was the blood stored in the crystal bottle in Y's arms poured on the granite tombstone when Lockhart pretended to be lying on the ground in pain Up.Voldemort, on the other hand, was too cautious to watch the battle at all, so he couldn't find out the tricks that were so close at hand. If he was nearby, Lockhart and Moody would have to go through a lot of trouble and use Plan_BBut fortunately, little Crouch didn't notice Lockhart's little trick at all, but Moody could see clearly what happened just now with his blue magic eyes.Even though he had cheated Voldemort once, he didn't have anything to complain about, because the savior's blood that Lockhart gave them was genuine, and even after it was taken out, it was kept in a crystal bottle with very little discoloration.Blood is blood, it will oxidize as long as it is taken out, even if Lockhart is only temporarilyThe blood taken from Harry's body was darkened after being besieged by Inferi and snakes for so long, and Lockhart couldn't take the risk of letting Voldemort find out.But as long as they are forced to take some time, move to a safe place and revive Voldemort, they won't be able to find out about the blood problem.From Moody's point of view, what he saw just now is indeed so-Little Crouch, like a fool, cast a cutting spell on the air, and used magic to absorb the blood that Lockhart fell on the tombstone. Blood, it looks like all is well.
   I don't know if the mysterious person will use the blood.
    Moody was a little worried
   This is out of our control...it's up to man to decide what to do.
    Lockhart shrugged, 
   Then just keep an eye on Snape and see when his Dark Mark will appear from his skin Come.
   Moody thought for a moment and decided he was right.
   Okay, let's go back quickly.
   Moody looked down at his watch and found that almost half an hour had passed. If Harry had stayed in the Shrieking Shack, the audience would be suspicious.The two of them used Apparition one after another to return to the Shrieking Shack, only to find that Harry and the others had already returned to the game scene with the Portkey.
   This...
    Lockhart was a little dumbfounded, 
   We clearly told them to wait here first!
   Moody didn't expect that the plan of the two of them would still be kept secret after all, and something went wrong in the end.He was also a little annoyed, but he still tried his best to keep calm:    I'll talk to those two brats after I get back... But it's not a big problem, Voldemort probably couldn't immediately understand the situation of the match scene, and the Sphinx is also under our control Living.
   Although this is not a big deal, if Voldemort still has hidden seeds on the arena and sends back the news of the arena, Voldemort will know that when he draws bloodHarry was still playing, so it was easy to draw a conclusion—his side was probably a counterfeit.But it's unlikely—otherwise Crouch and the others should have noticed when they found out that Cedric wasn't following along.
   Come on, go find Snape,
    Lockhart suggested.Seeing the situation like this, Moody could only follow him back to Hogwarts.Snape, who was sitting on the dean's bench watching the game, was watching the game steadily, but suddenly there were two pairs of eyes behind him, which made him quite uncomfortable.Because he had done bad things in the past, he was actually a little 
   afraid
    of Moody, and he didn't even dare to walk to the office of the Defense Against the Dark Arts class.As a result, Moody came to look for him on purpose today, and kept aiming at his arm with the Dark Mark engraved on it. Snape couldn't help feeling restless, and couldn't even watch the game steadily.In the arena, after Harry and Cedric repelled Waggadu, Beauxbatons, Durmstrang, and Ilvermorny who stayed behind started a scuffle again. The situation can be described as complicated.The audience was unaware of what had just happened, and they were still cheering for the WarriorsThe two in Durmstrang are really good at duels, and several other schools have to find ways to avoid them, and this also gives them an illusion-then all problems can be solved by duels.Seeing that Beauxbaton was 9 squares ahead, Durmstrang and the others made a decisive decision and immediately used the number 9
   Because Waggadu has been beaten back to the original point by Hogwarts, and Ilvermorny is defeated again, so Durmstrang and the two decided to use Beauxbatons after discussing, so that at least the next Guaranteed to get second, it will be much easier when chasing Hogwarts.But the jaw-dropping result was that Kool and the others actually defeated Krum.in a duel, fleur o dellaChapter 380 The third chapter endsThe hard one is easy to break, the so-called duel is just like this.In the second round of the competition, Fleur Delacour's dueling skills were only related to the hypnotism used against the five-legged monster, and the 
   girly charm
    when facing the unicorn. In the first round Even drank tea with the former queen for several hours, and there was no real fight at all.So whether it's the audience or Durmstrang's two people, no matter what they say, they subconsciously regard Fleur Delacour as a vase, or a good girl.But they probably don't know how terrible it is for a warrior who can survive the 
   Battle of the Seven Potters
    and 
   The Battle of Hogwarts
   .In fact, this is also normal. Although people with outstanding appearance enjoy various hidden benefits in social life, for example, in some jobs that require 
   kanban
    and jobs that require communication, they will be more sorry than their ancestors. Said, to take advantage of some more.But at the same time, the result of too high appearance value often creates a 
   ceiling
    for them-that is, no matter how much he/she has achieved, others will think that he/she is only on the top of his face.Aunt Susan is 
   relying on hard work
   , so Britney Spears is 
   relying on her appearance
   , eh?It is true that Teacher Han Hong is a 
   singer of strength
   , so Jolin Tsai is
   Vase
   ?Fu Rong can be regarded as a victim of this unspoken rule, because her talent is indeed higher than her appearance-at least she is a wizard who can hypnotize a dragon with a ridiculously high anti-magic attribute.So, this time, Krum is really too big.As a result of giving Furong 5 minutes to set the trap, Furong turned almost half of the treants and magical creatures in Birnam Forest into her comrades-in-arms.Not only did she discover Krum's position when they first landed, but she also launched a multi-layered attack when the opponent's foothold was not stable.Flying in the sky, running on the ground, mixed with the confusion spell and hypnotism that Fleur flew from time to time, even Krum was overwhelmed with it.When Krum reluctantly used black magic in an attempt to turn things around, what he did instead enraged the trees in Birnam Forest—they were going to clean up the 
   filth
    without Fleur's pleading. The presence
   Seeing that things were going badly, Krum had to take out the port key and reactivate it.The moment it sent the Durmstrangs back to the venue, the duel finally ended with the victory of Beauxbatons.So far, the situation of the game can be said to be very clear.Hogwarts took the lead, followed by Beauxbaton, who defeated Durmstrang, and both schools still had a dice with a self-selected number that was useless, and the lead was unshakable;Although Ilvermorny was at the bottom for a while, by luck, they still caught up to the third position now, but without the optional dice, they also lost their explosive power, and it is estimated that it will be difficult to catch up with Beauxbaton;Both Durmstrang and Waggadu were beaten back to the starting point. No matter who is fourth or fifth in the end, I am afraid that the audience will not care too much.In order to avoid long nights and dreams, Cedric once again used the trick of rolling dice and rolled a 
   7
   . Together with Harry, they solved the pest problem in Farley Village. Finally, they used the number 
   8
    to arrive at the village in one breath. At the end, the glory of No.1 was kept.Although Beauxbaton took two more rounds, he finally reached the finish line safely, turned the tables in one fell swoop, and moved from the fourth to the second position;Ilvermorny is not bad either. They spent two more rounds than Beauxbatons. Although they failed to come back in the end, they climbed from fifth in the last round to third now, at least they did not let themselves fall behind;Probably because using black magic will really damage one's character. In the contest between Durmstrang and Waggadu, Waggadu actually reached the finish line first by virtue of the advantage of rolling several large numbers in a row. Four.Durmstrang, who was recognized as the strongest before this game, was actually at the bottom-this result was really unexpected.—The goblins who were watching the game also seemed overjoyed—it seemed that this unpopular result could make their gambling business earn a lot of money.After seeing this result, everyone couldn't help turning their attention to the position of Durmstrang's headmaster, Karkaroff.Everyone knows how narrow-minded this person is. After seeing such an 
   unacceptable
    result, it can be said that everyone expected how angry he would be.But when they prepared a dream basket to persuade Karkaroff, they were surprised to find that Karkaroff was not angry.Not only was he not angry, judging from their expressions, he seemed a little overwhelmed and... panicked?Under everyone's gaze, Karkaroff stood up abruptly and looked in the direction of the headmaster's table at Hogwarts.Everyone thought that he wanted to ask Professor McGonagall for an explanation, but then they discovered that the person Karkaroff was looking at was neither the acting headmaster of Hogwarts nor the official of the British Ministry of Magic who was the organizer, but It was Severus Snape, the potions professor at Hogwarts.His face was pale, and he stretched out his hand to Snape, his tone full of panic:    Severus oo...you...
   Snape nodded sullenly, motioning for him to sit down first.Everyone who saw this scene was completely baffled—why was Karkaroff so panicked?Just one game behind?Seeing his reaction like this, how could Lockhart and Moody not know what happened.It seems that Voldemort still used the blood and was successfully resurrected.Because Voldemort has restored his magic power, as Death Eaters, the Dark Mark on their arms will naturally reappear, and remind its owner to pay attention to his identity with a sting.Since Karkaroff could feel it, Snape could certainly feel it too.Feeling the tingling pain in his arm, he now knew exactly what Dumbledore meant when he asked him to 
   get ready
    some time ago.This can be regarded as Dumbledore's characteristic-he never tells one person everything he knows, and always has two or three people to share the plan in his mind.Snape knew nothing about Lockhart and Moody's plan, so when Voldemort was resurrected: Snape was particularly surprised.He gestured to Karkaroff, inviting him to talk in an empty Hogwarts classroom.Of course Karkaroff would not refuse - because he had already seen the noose hanging around his neck.Chapter 380 The Prosperous FudgeThe third game of the Big Five Tournament is over, but a series of things behind it are still fermenting.Although it was said that Snape only invited Karkaroff to    talk
    together, Moody finally followed him, saying that he wanted to talk with them.Lockhart didn't spoil the scenery so much. Anyway, looking at Karkaroff's performance, he had already guessed what happened. Compared with this kind of thing that was sure to happen, he might as well do what should be done earlier, such as Exchange the wand and Harry back.Seeing Lockhart coming, Cedric and Harry quickly apologized.
   Sorry, sir, we... because we don't know how long we have to wait.
   
   Understandable.
    Lockhart sighed. 
   I should have explained things more clearly...hope nothing bad happened.
   To be on the safe side, neither Lockhart nor Moody told them why they had to wait. As a result, the two little guys couldn't hold back, and made their own way halfway, using the portkeys they left behind to return to the match scene.Harry was a little nervous:    What's wrong?
   
   Those who don't know are not guilty, forget it.
    Lockhart said lightly.Anyway, he came here to exchange his wand with Harry, and his purpose would be accomplished after the exchange.The moment he took back his wand, Lockhart felt the stagnant feeling in his body disappear, and the movement of magic power no longer made him feel constrained, but was replaced by transparency and freedom.It wasn't just him, after Harry took back his holly wand, he also had a similar expression. It seemed that when using Lockhart's wand, Harry also didn't feel very good.No wonder Harry didn't even want Deathly Hallows wand in the end, preferring to restore his holly wand and reuse it. It turns out that the wand has such a great influence on wizards.Harry still doesn't know why Lockhart insisted on exchanging wands with him, but he did it anyway, and based on this alone, Lockhart will not criticize him too deeply.Lockhart was now more concerned with the Ministry of Magic than with Harry.Now that Voldemort has been resurrected, how to organize a wartime administrative system has become an imminent matter.Although Voldemort is difficult to deal with, he is only one person. No matter how difficult it is to deal with, there are people like Dumbledore and Harry who are responsible for solving him. Therefore, although he is relatively harmful, if he is said to be able to destroy the magic world. One person is not enough.Dumbledore and Harry were tasked with dealing with Voldemort, while Lockhart was tasked with dealing with the political influence of the Death Eaters.In the center of the stage, Cornelius Fudge was still talking about the rules of the next game to the audience, seemingly ignorant of what had just happened.
   ...I don't want to be fooled anymore, the next game will be Fire Dragon!
    He simply announced the content of the game to the people present, 
   Welsh Green Dragon, Hungarian Horntail, Chinese Fireball, Swedish Short-nosed Dragon, and so on.
    There is—the black dragon of the Hebrides! Each group of warriors can choose one of the fire dragons to break through the level!
   The audience responded with well-timed exclamations and cheers, which made Fudge even more excited.
   We will not hide this game from the Warriors again, because I think they will need to spend a lot of time preparing in the next month.
    Fudge said to the Warriors who were a little pale with a smile, 
   This game You are allowed to bring all the equipment into the competition, but you are not allowed to drink any magic potion, and the participants must be limited to two warriors, and you are not allowed to bring any creatures, and you must choose fire dragons according to the order of arrival in this competition.
   As soon as he said this, the Warriors knew how close the winning edge of the third game was.What is it.——There is no need for any extra rewards, the order of appearance itself is a huge reward.Among the five giant dragons, the most difficult to deal with is undoubtedly the black dragon of the Scottish Hebrides. Its anti-magic ability is close to the limit of all creatures known in the wizarding world-almost no spells will work against it.The Hungarian Horntail is the largest and most powerful one—50 feet in length, far exceeding the 30 feet of other dragons.In addition, the blue flame emitted by the Swedish Short-nosed Dragon is the hottest among all fire dragon flames, while the Chinese Fireball is not only extremely aggressive, but also has a body structure similar to a lion, which makes it relatively warmer than other dragons. Better at fighting on the ground, rather than turning into a giant lizard as soon as it hits the ground.In comparison, the gentle temperament of the Welsh Green Dragon is simply rewarding points. No matter how the competition wants them to deal with the fire dragon, the first player only needs to choose the Welsh Green Dragon.Then there is the Swedish Short-nosed Dragon. Although its flame temperature is high, it also consumes the most. First use the transformation technique to turn a group of cannon fodder and rush up to seduce it to vent its anger, and the rest will be much safer.As for the Chinese lion dragon, although its fireball is powerful and aggressive by nature, the speed of the fireball jet is not as fast as that of the blowing breath.Moreover, since Kong Bo discovered the role of fire dragon eggshell powder, Chinese wizards have taken good care of their habitat. In the south, there are lion dances and dragon dances to celebrate and sacrifice every year. Its ability to fly in the sky has been greatly degraded.So if you want to deal with it, just fly to the sky with a broom.
   
   
Chapter 181   
   
   The worst of all are undoubtedly the Hungarian Horntail, and the Hebdriatic Black Dragon.The former means that the risk of death is very high, while the latter means that it is very difficult for the wizard to cause any substantial damage to it. If there is no problem, these two fire dragons will be kept until the endIn addition, we are also preparing to add a little difficulty for the Warriors before the gameSpend. 
   Fudge continued to add, 
   We will prepare some innocuous gadgets for the Warriors before the game, and they also need to be selected...
   After hearing this, the warriors already wanted to kill people.It is difficult enough to deal with the fire dragon alone, but you have to make extra troubles for everyone, which is too difficult for some strong people.Finally, Fudge announced that between the third and fourth events of the competition, they will also hold an entertaining skiing competition, with only prizes, regardless of ranking, so that the warriors can relax.Everyone knows that this competition is to promote the 
   state-run
    ski resort in Hogsmeade Village, but this kind of thing is just tacit, there is no need to say it.The warriors went back to think about how to deal with the next game, and Fudge returned to the temporary office of the Ministry of Magic in Hogsmeade with joy and longing for his own name.— Entering the room, he saw six or seven directors sitting there.Fudge thought that they came here to congratulate him specially, because according to the statistical report just submitted by the 
   Daily Prophet
   , among the radio stations of 157 countries or regional administrative bodies in the world, there are 20 broadcasting stations of the Big Five Tournament. competition, and the listening rate ranges from 60% to [-]%, it has undoubtedly become the number one brand
   Ha, so many people gathered here!
    He smiled all over his face, 
   But it's really time to celebrate, we all won...
   But none of the directors laughed, and they didn't even offer to agree.Only then did Fudge realize something was wrong:    What's wrong? Why are you so serious?
   Rufus Scrimgeour dawdled for a long time under the eyes of everyone in the room, and finally made up his mind and stood up.
   Something, Cohen,
    he said grimly.Chapter 380 Collective Inaction
   What? It's impossible!
   The news that Voldemort might have been resurrected hit Fudge's head like a bolt from the blue, making him a little dizzy.After all, the situation in the British wizarding world is so harmonious now. The economy of the tournament brought by the five powers and the benefits brought by a wave of tourism in the future, not to mention the flowers blooming brocade and the fire cooking oil, at least it can be regarded as a rich and prosperous university. , Song Mao bamboo bud, he Cornelius Fudge is counting on this to become 
   the greatest minister in the history of the magic world
   ——In the end, you actually did such a thing for me at this time?
   Wait...let me stroke...that man, isn't he already dead?
    Fudge shouted, struggling.Scrimgeour from the Law Enforcement Department and Bode from the Department of Mysteries exchanged glances, then shook their heads with difficulty at the same time.
   Of course we hope he's dead too,
    said Scrimgeour dryly.
   But the problem is that he has not been removed from the wizard list of the Department of Mysteries. In the past ten years, this has been the biggest mystery.
    Bode added.
   But hasn't Rookwood been found out to be his subordinate?
    Fudge said impatiently, 
   He must have taken advantage of his position to secretly tamper with that list.
   Bode is a real person. After hearing what Fudge said, he also nodded:    It's not impossible.
   
   Look!
    Fudge seemed to have found a life-saving straw, 
   We can't think that a dead soul who has been dead for many years will come back to harm people just because of the nonsense of a wild beast... Besides, the Five Powers Tournament was only held for the first time. Three games, our manpowerit's here.The last sentence exposed Fudge's true thoughts at this time—he is now most concerned about the game and the 
   prosperity
    after the game—that is, whether he can get a 
   fair evaluation
   At this time, Jones, the new director he promoted, came out to speak.
   Relax, Minister, no one wants to stop the game,
    she reassured.When she said this, the others also noticed Fudge's concerns, and quickly expressed their positions one by one.
   Yeah, the game must not stop.
   
   The sponsors have paid for it, and we have to fulfill the contract.
   
   And the news should be temporarily blocked. If wizards from all over the world know that something is going to happen here, they may not come to travel.
   What you say and what you say, what these officials of the Ministry of Magic talked about made Fudge feel a lot better.Although Scrimgeour's news is not necessarily false, these officials from the Ministry of Magic have shown astonishing consistency in maintaining the apparent peace.——Things, haven’t they happened yet?At this moment, the people in the office were tapped three times.
   Come in!
    yelled Fudge.The door was pushed open, revealing the handsome 
   young man
    behind.
   Ah, Minister, you're here too!
    Lockhart pretended to be surprised, 
   The evaluation of this game by people outside is unbelievable... Huh? Why are you all here? Why don't you go to the Three Broomsticks to drink together?
    How about a drink to celebrate? My treat.Probably out of recognition of people 
   inside the system
   , although Fudge was a little wary, he still asked Scrimgeour to tell him what happened just now, and together with everyoneThe family just made the decision and told him.After all, we are colleagues, and he has no reason not to tell Lockhart about it.After listening, Lockhart restrained his smile.
   So that's how it is... the same as the news I got.
    He deliberately put a heavy tone on it.Fudge was frightened:    Same as what news?
   
   Principal Karkaroff of Durmstrang, and the Potions professor of Hogwarts, the Death Eater marks on the two of them have recently become magical again, and the former Auror Alastor o Moody claimed just now that he had just met the You-Know-Who himself.
   Hearing this, except for a few in the Order of the Phoenix, everyone in the Ministry of Magic put on masks of pain.Don't be so serious, everyone is here to make a living.In the original book, Cornelius Fudge's order to block the news of Voldemort was not entirely because of his power, but more importantly, many employees of the Ministry of Magic also opposed the immediate release of the news, so they refused Dumbledore's offer. The blatant revelations they thought would leave 
   indelible scars
    on the British wizarding communityAlthough the situation is somewhat different now, the nature of the bureaucratic government has not changed, and the purpose is still to take as little responsibility as possible and maximize benefits.Not only are they refusing to make any substantial changes, but they're still taking chances with Voldemort's return, believing there's no 
   real evidence
   This is a fundamental defect caused by the system, and Fudge can't bear such a big burden by himself.Even if the Ministry of Magic later changed Scrimgeour to the position of minister, Scrimgeour was still a bureaucrat in essence, so he was no different from Fudge in essence.Although Harry Potter didn't know much about politics, there was nothing wrong with his evaluation of Scrimgeour, and he instinctively sensed Scrimgeour's bravado and incompetence.Lockhart was well aware of this, so apart from exchanging winks with Bode, Jones and a few others, he did not express any intention of objecting to their actions.
   Of course, the Tournament must not be suspended.
    Lockhart also echoed.His statement made Fudge look better. As a minister, Fudge would not allow any of his subordinates to confront him at this time.
   Does Dumbledore know about this?
    he asked again.His question caused a wry smile from the people around him.
   Since Moody and Snape know, then Dumbledore will know,
    Lockhart replied honestly, 
   and if that man really comes back, those former Death Eaters will definitely know.
    Being summoned by their master, I think, in fact, I can tell by sending someone to look around those prisoners in Azkaban, and the Dark Mark on their bodies must be...
   
   No.
    Fudge said with a pale face, and there was a hint of pleading in his tone, 
   Don't send anyone to Azkaban.
   It seems that he is going to make up his mind and carry out the ostrich policy to the end.Seeing him like this, Lockhart couldn't help but marvel at how far a wizard could go when he wanted to deceive himself.How much heart does it take to turn a blind eye to this danger?It's just that Cornelius Fudge still looks ashamed, and he still has a conscience in his heart, and he still feels ashamed when he hides it. This is far inferior to those ministers and secretaries of the Privy Council he has met before. When he said this, his expression was calm and even righteous.Chapter 380 AuthorizationOn the way to report to Dumbledore, Lockhart thought over and over several times, and didn't know how to tell him the performance of the Ministry of Magic from an appropriate angle.Of course, it was just worrying about how to tell him.As for the inaction of the Ministry of Magic, Lockhart is completely understandable.On the whole, in the face of the crisis of Voldemort's imminent return, the Ministry of Magic should certainly do something to prevent it from happening.But from an individual point of view, if anyone wants to make a difference in this matter, it is not yet known whether he can prevent Voldemort, but if the matter fails, he will definitely have to take the blame, not to mention there are still people from Voldemort's revenge.To sum up, it's not that it can't be done, but it's not cost-effective.Lockhart did not intend to make Dumbledore's people give up their contempt for the Ministry of Magic, or that the bureaucratic system could not afford such a 
   micro
    task.But that doesn't mean that Lockhart intends to cede the administrative authority of the Ministry of Magic, especially to Voldemort.Not to mention other things, after Voldemort ruled the Ministry of Magic, he forced the Iron Triangle to hide in Tibet, but he actually openly engaged in the theory of blood in the magic world, which is a bit intolerable.After listening to Lockhart's introduction, Dumbledore who rushed back to Hogwarts from the outside sighed softly.
   I see, it seems that Fudge doesn't intend to take on this responsibility...Is it not surprising?
   Fudge's performance made Dumbledore feel a little regretful. After all, when he was supporting him, he still lacked consideration. He only thought about how to get himself out of the political arena, so he randomly found someone who seemed to be modest and studious. come to support.But who would have thought that such a fat man who looked careless and cautious when he smiled back then would turn into a minister of magic who is greedy for profit today?Lockhart saw what he was thinking, and explained aloud:    I think it's not that the minister doesn't know what's right, but after sitting in that position, there are some things he can't help himself.
   
   Involuntary?
    Dumbledore shook his head, 
   The only thing that forces him is profit, Gilderoy, after staying in the melting pot of the Ministry of Magic for a long time, no matter who it is, it will become like that.
   Lockhart agreed with his statement, but at the same time explained it for Fudge:    As a politician, doing what is in your interests is often more important than doing the right thing.
   
   This can't be more true. If a person can only do what he thinks is right in his life, instead of doing what is most in line with his own interests, then he is a saint.When he said this, Dumbledore had been staring at Lockhart, and there seemed to be something behind the words.
   You are asking everyone to dig out their sense of gain and loss, and then put them under the concept of right and wrong, which is impossible.
    Lockhart didn't think about it.
   So, are you the same?
    Dumbledore asked suddenly.After getting old, Dumbledore seldom expressed confidence in any one person or organization.On the contrary, the Ministry of Magic has never disappointed people in terms of not giving people the slightest hope.Because he believes too much in the role of individual moral values ​​in society, in the eyes of others, Dumbledore often shows traits such as 
   credulity
    and 
   stubbornness
   , even if it turns out that Dumbledore is right .As for Gilderoy Lockhart, Dumbledore thought he could see through him, but recently he found that he seemed to be wrong again.If a person appears in front of everyone who speaks for his own interests when he talks about his goals, but when he talks about his goals, the first thing everyone thinks of him is that he is a standard hypocrite.And Lockhart is such a person, who puts great emphasis on rationality and balance of interests in his work, but when he proposes a solution, you can hardly tell that he is doing it for his own self-interest.People like this are rare. Even if Dumbledore lived to be nearly 120 years old, he didn't remember how many people like this he had in his mind. Among them, they were either ambitious or paranoid.Although Dumbledore doesn't really care about the Ministry of Magic, he does care about who runs the Ministry.Gilderoy Lockhart - it might be a good thing if he turns out to be a second Fudge in the future, but if it's a second Grindelwald...Well, it shouldn't be possible, because the magic strength is far apart.Dumbledore waited for Lockhart to explain himself, but Lockhart avoided his question.
   I am going to organize an administrative team.
    Lockhart said, 
   In the war with Voldemort, we must not ignore the role of public opinion, the army, and diplomacy. Even if the Ministry of Magic cannot be our help, at least it should not be allowed to It becomes the enemy.
   Seeing that he didn't want to answer, Dumbledore didn't try to force him.
   So, what are you going to do?
    Dumbledore asked.Lockhart was prepared:    First of all, I think we should figure out who is our enemy and who is our friend.
   Sounds like a cliché, can you be more specific?
   
   Specifically, relying on Muggle-born wizards and half-blood wizards one by one,Unite all wizards engaged in agriculture, handicrafts, and service industries, as well as scholars at home and abroad, neutralize wizards who have interests in Muggle society, and concentrate on combating rogues headed by Voldemort who are not productive, rentiers who want to get something for nothing, and psychopaths sociopaths and evil magical creatures. 
   Dumbledore nodded frequently after listening, but at the same time raised a little doubt.
   Very good, even I can't sum it up more comprehensively... But in reality, it is difficult for us to define these people? As far as I know, many of the Death Eaters recruited by Voldemort were originally employed people. They just It’s not going so well.”
   It's not difficult.
    Lockhart boasted boldly.Dumbledore raised his eyebrows:    Not difficult?
   Lockhart seemed confident:    Yes, the stage is almost set, we just need to use a series of social activities to make all wizards realize where they stand, and then it will be easy.
   Dumbledore chose to remain silent in response to this field that he was not very familiar with.
   Since you are confident, go ahead and do it. There are many people in the Order of the Phoenix who work in the Ministry of Magic.
    Dumbledore agreed.
   Thank you.
    Lockhart smiled.With Voldemort's looming threat and Dumbledore not finding enough Horcrux leads, he clearly doesn't want to spend too much time on politics.So he quickly changed the subject again:    The top priority now is that I hope to let everyone in the wizarding world know that Voldemort is back as soon as possible, but according to what you just said, what Fudge wants to do is completely opposite... Can you imagine Think of a way? For example, let two newspapers interview us and disclose the news?
   Lockhart hastily stopped Dumbledore from this dangerous thought:    It's best not to
   
   
Chapter 182   
   
   why?
   Because in doing so, the position of the Order of the Phoenix will be opposed to that of the Ministry of Magic,
    Lockhart explained.Dumbledore disagreed:    Isn't it? I thought the Ministry of Magic already knew this.
   
   Alas...
    Lockhart didn't know how to persuade him - Dumbledore obviously looked down on the political arena, let alone politicians.Although Lockhart himself despised Fudge, he was not opposed to an administrative system. If he also opposed this constitution, then all the things he had pursued so far would be invalid.
   I'll find a way to deal with it,
    Lockhart promised.Dumbledore didn't ask Lockhart how he planned to solve the problem, he justLanerkouhe:   How long will it take you?
    he asked.Lockhart thought for a moment:    How about next school year?
   Dumbledore frowned:    That means it will take more than half a year... This is too long, and Voldemort can do many things during this period.
   
   Then when do you wish?
   
   I would like to be able to let the students know about this before the exam, so that at least international friends can also be notified.
   Lockhart calculated 7 and found that Dumbledore only gave himself three months
   It's quite challenging.
    Lockhart didn't immediately agree, 
   And I shouldn't do this kind of thing alone.
   
   Of course there are challenges, but if a person wants to lead the entire wizarding world forward, he has no next home who can continue to shirk responsibility.
    Dumbledore hintedIn this way, Lockhart felt that he could not refuse.
   I'll try it.
    He agreed.Chapter 280 Seventh Dumbledore Attacking QuietlyWhen Lockhart left, Dumbledore asked him to call Sirius, because he also wanted to say something to Sirius.Lockhart suppressed his curiosity and didn't ask what Dumbledore wanted to sayRegardless of whether Dumbledore intends to follow the original plan to find Horcruxes while organizing the Order of the Phoenix to find Death Eaters, or has some new plan, the task Dumbledore gave himself is obvious, that is, to deal with political problems. Propagating and letting wizarding families beware of Death Eaters' sneak attacks in advance, and this task is not without difficulty.Don't forget, this is a task that the Order of the Phoenix has never been able to accomplish in the original book.Moreover, the Order of the Phoenix also paid a high price because of the lack of cooperation of the Ministry of Magic. Bode was cast with the Imperius Curse and died in the devil's net in St. Mungo's hospital bed; Arthur Weasley was attacked by Nagini, and once Life is dying; and Harry is lured to get the prophecy ball: Sirius saves his urge with his life...But even so, if everyone hadn't seen Voldemort with their own eyes in the end, making Fudge unable to continue pretending to be confused, it is estimated that even if the Death Eaters lined up to tell him that their master had been resurrected, Fudge would not Can continue to pretend to be confused.And Fudge wasn't the only one who pretended to be confused—think about it one by one, if the Ministry of Magic had reached a consensus early on, what could a mere Minister of Magic do?And the reason why Fudge can continue to pretend to be confused, and use various means to suppress Hogwarts such as issuing education orders, isn't it because a considerable part of the political forces in the Ministry of Magic support his behavior of pretending to be confused?And these supporters include some lazy officials, some wise and safe people who are afraid of Voldemort's revenge, and a large number of Fudge's promoted cronies.Of course, these are not the main ones, the most important ones are those pure-blood family members who have joined the ranks of Death Eaters.They have property and vassal families at their disposal, and with their financial resources, they can effectively lobby the officials of the Ministry of Magic. For example, Harry accidentally bumped into Lucius Malfoy's suspected bribery before his trial.Under such circumstances, it is even more difficult to forcefully construct a    consensus
    within the Ministry of Magic.But Lockhart is not completely out of luck—after all, the logic of the officials of the Ministry of Magic pretending to be confused is to 
   seek advantages and avoid disadvantages
   , so he only needs to make arrangements for this point, and it is not impossible for him to turn the situation around.And in the process of turning around, Lockhart can also lead a team of his own.——Order is a barrier that can resist cold and death.As he thought this, he found Harry.During the period when he was reporting to Dumbledore, Moody also called all the people who kept the Order of the Phoenix at Hogwarts for a meeting as instructed.When Lockhart rushed over, Moody was talking to Professor McGonagall and Cedric and Harry themselves.For some reason, Ron and Hermione were there too.Although Dumbledore claims to treat everyone equally, at this critical moment, you can still see the closeness and closeness in his heart.Except for people like Snape, the one he chose to disclose at the first time was Professor McGonagall of the Lion Academy, and the other two colleges would probably give it later.This is not good, to be honest, this is really not good, because it will affect the attitude of the other two academy deans towards the Order of the Phoenix in the future.Although in the end they all undoubtedly joined the army against Voldemort: but this does not mean that they regard the Order of the Phoenix as    one of their own
   -not to mention anything else, if the 
   Battle of the Seven Potters
    If Professor Flitwick could join the battle, perhaps the people in the transfer team wouldn't be so embarrassed at all.Thinking of this, Lockhart immediately called out, asking Moody to notify him laterIn place, at least at the level of all deans.Moody was a little puzzled:    But they are not members of the Order of the Phoenix.
   
   But they have a right to know.
    Lockhart emphasized.Moody didn't intend to tell the truth to those he didn't trust, but Professor McGonagall took the initiative to take the job. She thought Lockhart was right—the head of Hogwarts should know what happened. what.Both Harry and Cedric looked very bad at this moment—they realized what they almost encountered just now.
   The mysterious man is back? And you already guessed it?
    Ron was very surprised
   It's not 'guessing', but Dumbledore's 'predicting'.
    Moody corrected his statement, 
   In fact, we knew that he would be resurrected 13 years ago, but we didn't expect it to be delayed.
    for so long.
   This wasn't good news, especially since Harry thought he was busy enough, even he had a hunch about it.
   My scar has been hurting a lot lately,
    said Harry suddenly, 
   and it was getting really sore right at the end of our match.
   Seeing that everyone was looking at Harry, Professor McGonagall took the initiative to explain for him:    That's true, Rita Skeeter also published an article on this, saying that our warriors are 
   insane
    and good at using scars as an excuse.
    Pretending to be poor. 
   Speaking of Rita Skeeter, Audio-Technica snorted coldly.This reporter has recently become famous. Not only did he break the big news that Hagrid is a half-blood giant, but he also vaguely hinted at Madam Maxim's bloodline, which aroused strong protests from Beauxbaton College.In addition, she is also very talented in mining gossip and gossip. She is most concerned about the private life of the warriors, especially the emotional life. Patton's malicious girlsThe 
   Secret History of Delacour's Debauchery
    collected there also angered Fleur, and even Ouagadou was outraged by what she described in the report as 
   living and thinking stuck in the 15th century
   . serious protest.But these are useless, because readers of the 
   Daily Prophet
    or foreign readers like to read these, and these protests from home and abroad have increased the dissemination and controversy of the topic.The 
   Daily Prophet
    suddenly found that its sales volume increased significantly, and many readers wrote to express their concern for the emotional life of the warriors, and even foreign media asked to reprint it.Under such circumstances, they naturally refused to kick Rita Skeeter out.They just found a piece of tofu in the newspaper, added a few words such as 
   the opinions of all parties do not represent the position of this newspaper
   , and continued to indulge Skeeter's nonsense in disguise.Everyone felt sick just thinking about it, so they quickly brought this part of the topic to the past.After explaining the cause and effect of this incident and the recovery of the Order of the Phoenix, Lockhart told Harry that Dumbledore was looking for Sirius, because he knew that only Harry had a two-way communication channel with Sirius.Harry was curious about the fact that Dumbledore was looking for his godfather.
   What did he want with Sirius?
    he asked.Lockhart could only shrug his shoulders:    I don't know either. Dumbledore didn't tell me, so I didn't ask. He always doesn't like letting one person hold all the secrets.
   Harry didn't think much of it, and took out the two-way mirror his godfather had given him.Unlike the 
   landline phone
    fireplace, this two-way mirror is equivalent to a 
   mobile phone
    in the wizarding world, and it is born with a video call, which has been playing Muggles for hundreds of years.In the book 
   Order of the Phoenix
   , it is clear that Sirius gave the two-way mirror toHarry, but Harry never used it.He would rather have risked going to Umbridge's office to use the fireplace than think of using the two-way mirror, not even before the Battle of the Department of Mysteries, which is undoubtedly a tragedy - although it is very likely that Harry or Rowling forgot about it.It doesn't feel good to have a tragedy that could have been avoided happen for a very nonsensical reason.Not long after, Sirius received Harry's 
   call
    and put down the wine glass in his hand.Because of the urgent notice from MI5, after cursing for a long time, he still didn't go to the scene to continue watching his godson's game, but went to carry out an urgent task - hijackingBecause this guy has passed the age of learning, so no matter how MI5 trains him in information science, Sirius' progress can only be described as 
   touching
   , so in the end Mrs. Rimington also gave up brainwashing him into training. Su's idea of ​​being an agent, and instead let him go to the action team to perform tasks, and then subtly infiltrate him.Looking at it now, this kind of infiltration was very successful, because if it was the former Sirius, he would never have succumbed to some 
   national interest
    and gave up watching his own godson's game.It's just being hijacked by terrorists. Why should I solve the problem you Muggles have caused?But now he came back with the terrorists tied up in a circle and threw them to the interrogation office. Then he lay sprawled on a bench, drinking and bragging with his colleagues.Had Harry not triggered the two-way mirror, he would have almost forgotten that his godson had participated in the Big Five Tournament.
   What, old... boss called me.! I'll come! I'll come right away!
    He was drunkSay.Throwing down the two-way mirror, he returned to the bar counter, told his colleagues that he had something to do temporarily, and then took out a wad of pounds to settle the bill for himself and his colleagues. very popular.In this hijacking case, these agents first tried to delay and negotiate, and successfully dragged the plane until the plane landed due to lack of fuel. Throwing a bottle of Dreamless Sleeping Potion into the plane's air-conditioning system subdued all the robbers on board...and the passengers in an instant.According to the regulations, Sirius can get a bonus of 5 pounds this time, no wonder he is so generous.In this way, he came to Dumbledore's headmaster's office drunk, but Dumbledore - a word made him sober.Dumbledore took out a strange pendant and placed it in front of Sirius.
   Do you know someone with the initials RAB?
   Chapter 380 Eight Brothers Are Not BrothersThis odd-shaped locket didn't surprise Sirius, because it was too rough in workmanship, and it couldn't catch the eyes of his brother.But the 
   RAB
    that Dumbledore said made Black a little surprised-if I remember correctly, isn't that his younger brother Regulus Alphard Black?Although Dumbledore was asking him 
   who is that
   , I believe that Dumbledore already had the answer in his heart, otherwise he would not have dragged himself from London.Thinking of this, Sirius opened his mouth.
   If I'm not mistaken, you should mean my brother... but he should be dead.
   Dumbledore picked up the rough pendant on the table and fiddled with it for a while, looking thoughtful.
   Dead? Are you sure? I investigated several Death Eaters, and they all said that your brother 
   disappeared suddenly
   , and no one suspected him of mutiny before his disappearance.
   In this regard, Sirius gave him a 7100% guarantee.
   It's definitely dead.
    He said with certainty:    My family also has some methods to confirm the status of the clansmen. I'm sure he must be afraid, and when he wanted to quit, he was...Dumbledore interrupted him:    But you were expelled from the Black family, and as far as I know, you should not know about your mother's death (in 1985), when you were in Azkaban.
   Sirius scowled:    Sorry, I know.
   
   How do you know 0
   
   Because 12 Grimmauld Place came to my name, and so did the house-elves, and the goblins at Gringotts wouldn't have given it to me if the family, especially the grannies and pussies, were still there , especially when I was expelled from the clan by the old lady.
   After hearing 
   house elf
   , Dumbledore heaved a long sigh of relief.
   If that's the case, it's perfect...can you allow me to visit your house? Also, your house elf, I want to talk to it too.
    He said.Sirius suddenly showed a disgusted expression:    I don't want to go back there, and it's not my home.
   Dumbledore felt that he really didn't like Sirius.As an old man who only realized how precious they were after losing his family, Dumbledore couldn't understand Sirius' rebellion against the family, let alone the hostility he showed towards his mother and younger brother.Dumbledore's tone became a little blunt:    Then, can you please take me back to the Black family's ancestral house to have a look? I feel that there may be something very important there.
   Sirius agreed without thinking:    I can give you the key,Just don't make me go back there, I've had enough. 
   
   Really? Maybe just look at this and you'll change your attitude.
   As he spoke, Dumbledore pulled the locket open, revealing a note inside.
   This is?
    Sirius showed a curious look.
   Just look at it.
    Dumbledore ignored him.Sirius quickly took the note and glanced at its contents.
   To the Dark Lord:I know that I will be dead when you read this letter, but I want you to know that I discovered your secret, and I have taken the real Horcrux and will destroy it as soon as possible.I'd risk my life for you to meet a mortal of flesh and blood when you hit your opponentRAB   After reading the note, Sirius showed an extremely surprised expression for the first time.
   Uh... this is... him? Weak... I mean, my brother Regulus?
    Sirius didn't realize that the name he called his brother had quietly changed.
   I'm afraid so.
    Dumbledore nodded slowly. 
   I checked all the lists of Death Eaters, and he is the only one whose initials are RAB.
   Sirius was so surprised that he couldn't speak, then he looked down at the note again, and after a long time, he couldn't speak again.
   Uh... the lion cub seems to be saying he's found out about Voldemort's secret... um, what's a Horcrux?
   
   
   
Chapter 183   
   
   Dumbledore didn't answer this question so happily, and it seemed that he regretted not digging out the key words on the note just now.
   No matter what it is, it is very important to Voldemort.
    Dumbledore did not answer the question directly, 
   What do you think?
   
   Obviously, although I don't like my brother's personality very much, he is really not stupid at all. If he really risked his life to get something against Voldemort, then it would not be an ordinary thing.
   Speaking of this, Sirius thought deeply:    Speaking of which, I always thought that my younger brother was a cowardly and submissive guy, but now it seems that I have to correct my point of view.
   
   So, can you take me to 12 Grimmauld Place now? Since it is the ancestral home of the Black family, I think there may be some things that must be obtained through you.
   Sirius didn't refuse again this time:    I'm afraid so...well.
   
   Take your godson, and we'll go together,
    Dumbledore said again.Sirius struggled for a moment, but agreed.Lockhart knew nothing about how Dumbledore got this fake Horcrux, but he thought Sirius called Harry, saying that Dumbledore was going to take the two to the Black family's ancestral home in London, Lockhart guessed something.If there is no accident, Slytherin's locket will also be discovered by Dumbledore.Diary, gold cup, locket, Harry, Dumbledore has mastered 7 of Voldemort's 4 Horcruxes, and only Ravenclaw's crown, resurrection stone and Nagini are left outside.Among them, the crown is in Lockhart's own hands. He is still thinking about how to tell Dumbledore about this thing, and it should not be a problem soon.Although Nagini is temporarily unknown, Dumbledore should be able to discover this from Harry's 
   snake perspective
    soon, so it is probably not a problem.The only problem then is the resurrection stone.The magic of 
   father's bone, servant's flesh, and enemy's blood
    should be Voldemort's most ideal result. If he fails to capture Harry, he will use the resurrection stone. This should not be wrong.But Lockhart couldn't figure out why Voldemort didn't move the resurrection stone after he was successfully resurrected in the original book. It was obvious that Harry had escaped, and it was impossible for Dumbledore not to come to check. He still left the resurrection stone in Little Hanger Dun, this is a bit too confident.Maybe it was because in order to pretend to be too much, he called the Death Eaters to watch him beat Harry, but he ran away and couldn't make it up, so he forgot about it?In addition, how to get the Resurrection Stone back from Voldemort's hands is also a problem. If Voldemort's IQ is really high, he won't leave it around, at least he will find a place that is absolutely safe.In addition, Lockhart is not sure whether Voldemort used the resurrection stone when producing the corpse.Whether intentional or not, if Voldemort succeeds in robbing the prison, he will know from Bella that Dumbledore and others are looking for his Horcrux.In that case, he would just keep the remaining resurrection stone firmly by his side, just like Nagini.Lockhart attached great importance to the biggest 
   change
    between this and what he knew.If he was sure that Dumbledore could find the rest of the Horcruxes, then he decided to solve the trouble himself.If possible, Lockhart intends to solve the troubles of it and Little Crouch together. Anyway, Little Crouch has now completed his task, and he has no use value for him. If he keeps it, it will only change. .After Dumbledore finds the locket, he should pay more attention to Horcruxes. He doesn't have time to care about politics in a short period of time. He can definitely show his talents in two aspects at the same time.Sirius took Harry out, and the remaining Moody and Professor McGonagall also contacted Flitwick and Sprout to prepare for another dean meeting.Lockhart, who had a small plan, was also about to sneak away, but was stopped by a man
   Professor Lockhart! Can we…can we talk?
    Hermione stammered.Before speaking, she took several deep breaths in a row, and then she fixed her eyes on Lockhart, apparently after overcoming great difficulties in her heart, she made up her mind.Chapter 380 NineLockhart didn't expect that Hermione would be waiting for him here, let alone that she suddenly wanted to talk to him, and she looked quite serious.
   Of course, but what do you want to talk about?
    he asked.He got an answer right away:    Something I have to figure out today.Listen to what she said: Lockhart thought Hermione would talk to him about the house elf delivery, but when he found an empty classroom and welcomed Hermione in and sat down, he realized that was not the case at all. thing.   I want to say... I'm sorry, sir!
    Hermione said abruptly.
   Huh?
    Lockhart was surprised. 
   I thought we could already call each other by name... Well, Miss Granger, why are you apologizing?
   
   No!
    Hermione quickly waved her hands and shook her head, as if she could get rid of the terrible title of Miss Bingeranger, 
   I didn't mean that, I meant .oo Lockhart... oh my god, I'm really not used to it... you should call me Hermione. 
   Lockhart agreed with a smile:    Okay, Hermione! So, why the sudden apology?
   
   Because...
    Hermione twisted her hand uneasily, 
   I want to say, you don't have to be so...disregarding safety, especially for us.
   Lockhart looked surprised:    What are you referring to?
   Seeing that the words had been spoken, Hermione's speaking speed became much more normal, and she simply said what she wanted to say in one breath like beans pouring from a bamboo tube.
   Harry and Professor Moody both told us that you took Harry's place on a dangerous mission, didn't you? No... please don't interrupt me yet. Of course I know Harry isMy good friend, I don't want any accidents to happen to him, but if it is our responsibility, I don't want you to take it for us. 
   Only then did Lockhart realize that what Hermione was talking about happened during the day.
   You're talking about that...don't worry, we've laid out such a plan ever since we knew Voldemort's target was Harry...
   
   Plan, let you take the place of Harry and take the risk yourself?
    Hermione looked a little annoyed.Lockhart had no idea why she was angry.Lockhart tried to make it clear to her:    With great power comes great responsibility. You see, I can say without boasting that, apart from Dumbledore, I am the best fighter in the Order of the Phoenix - if I If you don’t go, who else can escape from there? Especially facing the ground—”
   It's 'mysterious man'! 
   Hermione almost yelled, Newell taught me that name is a real name...you know it!
   Alright, mystery man.It doesn't matter though, I managed to get back from there. 
   Lockhart tried to brush it off with an understatement, but Hermione didn't seem to want to just let him go.She stared straight at Lockhart, showing no sign of backing down.
   We were the ones who were supposed to deal with You-Know-Who, right? We're Harry's friends.
   
   Look at what you said...I was your teacher once too.
   
   But it had nothing to do with you! I regret it now, you know? When I saw your wand was with Harry all the time, I kept thinking about it, if I didn't go to you that time...
   
   Which time?
    Lockhart struggled to recall.That's it!The time you wiped my memory out!I…
   Speaking of this, Hermione looked a little embarrassed, because it reminded her that she used to cry in each other's arms.In short, if I hadn't looked for you at that time, wouldn't you have made such a big deal? ' she demanded.Lockhart blinked, seeming to be thinking about her question.But you don't need to think about it, it's obvious—I want to be the Minister of Magic!
   No, it should still be, because I also have my own purpose.
    Lockhart said bluntly.Seeing him like this, Hermione hesitated instead:    Are you trying to comfort me? There's no need to
   Absolutely not,
    repeated Lockhart. 
   I suggest you don't think so highly of me, Hermione. I know I'm just a rotten person, okay?
   
   Rotten, rotten person?
    Hermione didn't expect him to say that about herself.Lockhart felt that since Hermione was as determined to go into politics as he was, and she was also one of the important members of the party he was planning to form, he might as well say some things as soon as possible, so as to save himself from always wearing a layer of fame in Hermione's eyes. Filter for 
   Saint
   .Although it is cool to be admired by others, it will undoubtedly create a 
   superego
    that violates its own principles, and this is completely inconsistent with Lockhart's original intention.Damn, rotten people. 
   Lockhart simply said, 
   You think the starting point of my actions is morality, but I am very clear that I am doing it for profit. In other words, I will not do things that are not beneficial, so you can Don't worry, I didn't...
   
   No crying!
    Hermione blushed again, 
   It was just...Too much force, emotional out of control...
   
   Haha...
    Lockhart laughed, his makeup was out of control... I just want to say that whether it's exploring the Chamber of Secrets or dealing with Voldemort, it's all for me, okay? 
   Hermione lowered her head and fell silent.Seeing that she didn't speak, Lockhart thought that the misunderstanding had been solved, so he wanted to explain a few more words, and then rushed back to set up the task that Dumbledore had given him.
   Okay, don't worry now? You don't have to blame yourself for this, let alone worry about me. Don't forget, I am a master of fighting against black magic! In addition, I think the outline of the house elf union you wrote last time is very good. But if you want pure blood acceptance, I recommend .###
   No, you're not.
    Hermione said firmly, looking up suddenly.
   Huh?
    Lockhart didn't understand what she meant, 
   what isn't it?
   
   I mean, you're not that kind of person.
    Hermione repeated again, 
   You do care about us, and you're not all for profit.
   Lockhart couldn't help but laugh.He opened his arms exaggeratedly:    God, even if I was asked to defeat the mysterious man, I think it would be more difficult not to talk to you! Admitting that I am a bad person is not something to be proud of. Lies? Well, if you insist on not believing what I say now, but what is written in my book...
   But Hermione was unmoved:    Then, why did you go back to take care of that Muggle family?
   Lockhart failed to react in time again:    What Muggles?
   
   I mean, at the World Cup, you fought off those Death Eaters.
   
   That was to promote the authority of the Ministry of Magic, and by the way, gain some of my personal reputation...
    Lockhart firmly denied.Hermione didn't believe it at all:    But in that case, why did you insist on taking care of the camp keeper's family later?
   Lockhart raised his eyebrows:    I don't remember it, and the newspaper didn't sayUnbeknownst to Ur, I was there. Hermione debunked him, 
   The signal flares in the distance are all on, and your colleague—who seems to be called Dawlish—urges you to leave quickly, but you insist on confirming that there is no problem with that family before leaving.
    
   Lockhart didn't expect that someone actually watched the whole thing at that time:    That...maybe it's just a whim, or if I leave it alone, my conscience is too disturbed.
   
   Ha, conscience! Is that what a rotten person should have?
    Hermione smiled finally.Lockhart felt a little confused:    If you talk to me so muchJust to prove that I am a noble person, forget it!After you get in touch with me more, you will regret today's judgment. 
   
   No, I won't.
    Hermione's tone became more and more firm, 
   My father told me, 
   Sophisticated
    is not evil, it is often just helpless, and knowing the world but not being so worldly is the kindest maturity. 
   For some reason, Lockhart felt a little fever on his face.
   Your father is really nice, it's a pity to be a dentist.
    He pretended to smile relaxedly
   And, stop calling yourself a jerk,
    Hermione added.
   Why? I thought it was my freedom.
    Lockhart asked deliberately.Hermione blurted out:    If you are really a rotten person, then what am I who fell in love with you?
   The air suddenly froze.Lockhart's brain began to spin rapidly, trying to help its owner figure outChu statusAnd Hermione seemed to say these words without going through the groove of her brain. She stared at Lockhart for two or three seconds before she realized what she just said.She screamed, and then ran out of the classroom covering her face, making the students who passed by think that something ran out of the classroom.Chapter 390 Do Your Own Task WellTo be honest, Lockhart is having a bit of a headache now.He originally thought that Hermione just saw him with a little filter, just like a young girl in adolescence to an idol, and when she got older and saw the truth, she would laugh at her naivety, but he underestimated Hermione's resilience .He doesn't understand, he has been working in the Ministry of Magic for two years, during which he supposedly did a lot of things, the Audio-Technica should have known about what he has done from various angles and channels, even his private life, He didn't even try to hide it.Anyway, they are wizards... As long as they are not married, as long as you love me, it is not a big problem to mess around anyway, just like Fred and George, who went to the grove with Fleur's cousins ​​at Fleur's wedding scene .Everyone saw it, but no one accused them.If that were the case, things would be really troublesome. Girls nowadays are too precocious, not to mention a 15-year-old girl like Hermione, even a 12- or 3-year-old girl knows how to hold a little fresh meat.
    Husband, husband
    cried.Is the halo effect of idols really that strong?Walking out of the castle, Lockhart happened to see Snape walking into the castle with his head down.He seemed preoccupied, and went straight to the stairs without even hearing the voice of greeting him, seemingly wanting to report to Dumbledore.But Lockhart knew that Dumbledore was not there now, and if he wanted to go up, he probably would have to wait a long time.So Lockhart stopped him.
   Severus! The Headmaster just took Harry out!
   After hearing the word 
   Dumbledore
   , Snape returned as if waking up from a dream.Too much.
   Thank you, Chief Lockhart, but I can wait.
    He said coldlyLockhart raised his eyebrows, seemingly surprised by Snape's indifference.But he figured it out right away—Snape must have been 
   scanned
    by the Dark Lord, and this guy had already started to keep a distance from other members of the Order of the Phoenix.Now that the Dark Mark had reappeared on the Death Eaters' arms, Voldemort should have gathered those Death Eaters who were still willing to answer the call.Lockhart wondered how many die-hard Death Eaters were still there.Lockhart thought about it and asked, 
   How many Death Eaters have gone?
   
   
   
Chapter 184   
   
   Snape knew exactly what he wanted to ask, but apart from Dumbledore, the information he got from the Death Eaters could not be told to anyone, and could only be rotted in his own stomach.
   Want to know? Unfortunately, almost all the Death Eaters outside of Azkaban have gone.
   But to his disappointment, there was no surprise on Lockhart's face, instead he seemed a little excited.
   All gone? Great!
    he said cheerfully.Seeing him like this, Snape didn't know how to evaluate him.
   Great? Are you suffering from cognitive-emotional incoordination mania because of excessive disappointment? If that's the case, I still have a lot of tranquility potions.
    He sarcastically said
   No, no, this situation is indeed very good.
    Lockhart snapped his fingers,
   It's wonderful to think about it, don't you think? A motley crew of motley crews with different dreams, all united by authority and greed, when true evil thinks it can have complete control over them.
   Snape knew he was right, but just couldn't look at him proudly.
   One of these mobs can give you a repelling spell that can send you from Scotland to New Zealand.
    He touched his wand intentionally or unintentionally, 
   If it wasn't for the lack of creativity in Little Barty, you wouldn't be here now The method is full of nonsense, and that guy has made a great contribution this time.
   Do you want to scratch Barty? Lockhart disagreed, 
   That guy is ruthless enough, but after two contests, I found out that the guy is indeed from a professional background, with a clear style of doing things, and the use of spells is rigid and lacks creativity and also…
   
   Sure enough.
    Snape said with a gloomy face, 
   I hope you can have enough confidence to say the same when facing them o... Let me tell you first, if you meet you on the battlefield, don't expect me to show mercy , I will exchange your head for more trust from the Dark Lord.
   As if he didn't hear his threat, Lockhart continued to speak on his own:    oIf little Barty becomes Voldemort's left hand, then Voldemort's penetration of the bureaucracy will be significantly accelerated, and Ministry of Magic officials will have Quite a few were drawn to him. Hey, Severus, would you like to be the Dark Lord's right hand?
   Snape frowned:    What the hell are you thinking?
   
   What else can I think of? Of course it is to hold back Voldemort, so that Dumbledore has enough time to mobilize the resistance and eliminate Voldemort.Since Dumbledore gave you a mission, you should do it the best you can, shouldn't you?Seriously, there are some tricks I wouldn't dare use in the Ministry of Magic, but if it's the Death Eaters... anyway, if you can get a group out of the Death Eaters, then you'll be able to do a lot of things, we can't do everything All counting on Dumbledore. 
   After Snape heard the words 
   Dumbledore can't be relied on for everything
   , he was quite moved.Of course he knows that Lockhart has many tricks. In the past three years, he has learned about Lockhart's actions countless times from various sources. Even Dumbledore occasionally commented on him when talking about him in private. 
   This is a real politician
   To be honest, Snape is actually in a mess right now.Naturally, he couldn't refuse the spy mission Dumbledore gave him, but he didn't know what else he could do besides passing on information.Whether it's obeying Voldemort's orders or Dumbledore's orders, those are things he 
   passively
    has to do, but what he wants is 
   active
   Thinking of this, he stopped pretending:    What should I do?
   Lockhart knew that he would agree, because Voldemort must have repeatedly emphasized the words 
   you must kill Harry Potter
    during the meeting, and Snape is definitely the most panicked now.
    Even if his appearance Can't see it.
   Simple, since Barty Jr. is going to be Voldemort's left hand, we might as well count him as Voldemort's 
   Royal Counselor
    first; , we might as well regard them as the 
   Jet Guards
   ; and you...you should take this opportunity to seize the executive power of the Death Eaters and become the 
   bureaucratic faction
    of the Death Eater group
   
   What's the benefit of doing this?
    Snape didn't understand at all.
   Advantages? It's very simple. Where there are people, there are rivers and lakes.
    Lockhart explained: Although Barty was born in the Ministry of Magic, he himself dismissed that kind of thing. This is an opportunity.You can take the opportunity to single out those who have property, those who are forced to follow the crowd, and those who work hard to form your own faction among the Death Eaters, and imply to them that you have bargaining chips on both sides-of course, this does not need to be stated directly , he himself will understand.Snape was a little disappointed after hearing this:    It doesn't sound like it's doing any good.
   Lockhart gently refuted this kind of people who do not fully understand the power of the administrative system:    In fact, there are countless benefits... For example, if Voldemort is determined to launch a general attack on the Order of the Phoenix, let you mobilize enough By the way, prepare a large number of potions and food for restoring magic power...
   Without further ado, Snape understood what he meant.Although the Death Eaters seem like a grassroots team, in fact, like all political organizations and groups, it also has its own executive, judicial and legislative powers.It's just that there is only one person in this group who is judicial and legislative, that is, Voldemort himself.Voldemort did not follow his words, and his purpose was that all Death Eaters must serve him, even though the Death Eaters themselves had their own purposes.As for executive power, Voldemort had neither the knowledge nor the energy to bring it all under control.Unless he wants to personally raise funds, weapons, medicines, food, or personally teach every Death Eater the black arts, or even such trivial matters as who and who lives.Therefore, he must assign part of the administrative power to the loyal Death Eaters. Only in this way, the terrorist organization whose upper layer is a pyramid and the bottom layer is a network-like terrorist organization cannot operate smoothly, and what Lockhart wants Snape to seize is this part 
    administrative
    powers.With this right in hand, he can do many things.For example, if Voldemort plans to have another Hogwarts battle in the future, then Lockhart will definitely instruct Snape to find a way to add some special 
   ingredients
    to the food and potions of all Death Eaters, etc. Let it flare up when it's time to fight.Anyway, Voldemort didn't suspect it here.Chapter 390 Death Eaters Can Be UtilizedAfter Snape thought about it carefully, although he didn't give Lockhart an immediate answer, Lockhart could see that he had actually decided to do this.Because this guy doesn't understand politics, Snape will definitely come to ask himself for advice in the future - that's enough.After agreeing on the password and contact information, Snape continued to rush to the principal's office: Lockhart also walked out of the castle, ready to start his own layout.The reason why Lockhart must find a way to infiltrate the Death Eaters group is that apart from the need to kill Voldemort, he also has a more important purpose—that is, to use the Death Eaters group to force the Ministry of Magic to carry out political reforms.Sometimes it is so helpless—if Lockhart wants to reform the Ministry of Magic through normal channels, there is a high probability that he will encounter insurmountable resistance.For example, the interest groups behind the old Crouch and his gang, it is difficult for Lockhart not to take their opinions into consideration.But Voldemort's group is different, he doesn't care if you belong to this group or that group, anyone who disobeys will be Avada.As for any ideal, of course there is no such thing.After graduating, Lord Voldemort would rather work in Borgin Bock to find Horcrux materials than participate in the Grindelwald Revolution, which shows that he didn't take his own slogan seriously at all.Although this brutal method was inhumane, at least it was vigorous and resolute. Lockhart felt that Voldemort might be able to do a better job than Dumbledore in dealing with the old bureaucrats of the Ministry of Magic.For example, after Voldemort came to power, he forced all wizard teenagers—whether they were wizards or Muggles—to receive magical education and PUA from pure blood &    mudbloods
   Hey, what is the purpose of Fudi Xiwen?It is unpopular, but Lockhart does not intend to abolish this version of the 
   compulsory education
    system in the wizarding world, of course he will not confiscate other people's wands.Whether it is the 
   blue blood nobles
    in the Muggle world who spend money to buy their children to attend prestigious Ivy League schools, or the purebloods in the wizarding world secretly instructing the Ministry of Magic to exaggerate the risks of admission to Muggle families, these are nothing more than attempts to monopolize educational resources.On the contrary, Voldemort did not dare to look down on half-bloods because he was a half-blood, so he asked wizards of any blood to control them first, and by the way, provoke internal conflicts among wizards, so that Voldemort, the 
   net celebrity wizard
    
   Being able to stay in his 
   National Teacher
    position more stably.If Voldemort's policy can be used, although it cannot be said that a bad thing has turned into a good thing, at least it can be regarded as using the bricks of the east wall that have been bombed to make up for the west wall.On the second day, when the students were discussing the wonderful scenes of yesterday's hegemony competition while they were in class, a big news broke out from Durmstrang.The headmaster of Durmstrang, Igor Karkarov, who was worth [-] million in front of everyone, has disappeared!The missing ones were, of course, Durmstrang's students, who found him missing when they informed the headmaster to go to breakfast.—At first they didn't pay much attention to it. Even when no one was found in the principal's office, they only thought that Karkaroff went to drink at Hogwarts or nearby—this is a common occurrence in cold places like Northern Europe.But it wasn't until noon that they couldn't see anyone, and Karkaroff's bedroom was also empty? They didn't realize something was wrong.In order to cover up their ugliness, they did not choose to expose the matter immediately, but mobilized all the contacts and resources at the students' disposal, trying to find the whereabouts of their principal.Karkaroff did not appear on the auditorium table until lunch, and Dumbledore did notWhen they sent someone over, saying that they hoped that Karkaroff could come and talk to him in detail, the students finally couldn't bear it anymore and told about the disappearance of their school principal.Hogwarts immediately notified the Ministry of Magic and asked them to send someone aboard to check the traces left by Karkaroff.The Ministry of Magic sent four Aurors, and only Kingsley Shacklebolt knew the inside information.They checked around and finally confirmed that Karkaroff was not kidnapped, because everything in the bedroom and office was in good order, and there were no signs of damage to many irrecoverable magic items in the ancient ship. It can be ruled out that he was kidnapped after a fight.At the same time, they also found that many of Karkaroff's personal belongings were missing, including small valuables, personal travel suitcases and personal hygiene products, and even school liquid funds hidden in wooden barrels in the ship's wine room. .Obviously, this is really running away with a bucket.Needless to say, there was an uproar.Several school leaders shook their heads unanimously after hearing this—no matter what kind of person Karkaroff is, or why he is, he is now the principal of a school, irresponsible The behavior of abandoning his own students and running away is really too out of line.Needless to say, the students, the disappearance of Headmaster Durmstrang was a major event. When they watched the excitement of Durmstrang, in addition to gloating in their hearts, they also had a little doubt that followed:Why did Durmstrang's principal run away?In this regard, Lee Jordan really wanted to express his opinion.   Obviously, because Durmstrang has fallen to the bottom of the competition: no pupil will want to go to a bottom school for years to come, their headmaster has a bleak prospect, so even the family ran away with the money.    He proudlySaid triumphantly to his classmates.This statement was glared at by Durmstrang students-they would rather accept the conclusion that their principal was murdered than hear why his principal ran away because it was too shameful.As 
   good buddies
   , the Slytherin students naturally support these Durmstrang people, and many people try to comfort them and let them not take it too seriously.It's just that some of the Slytherin students are not quite right today.Many students noticed during the morning meal that there were a lot of owls on the Slytherin table today, and many Slytherin students had received letters from home.Due to the delay of owls, they can easily guess that these letters were sent overnight last night.These students who received the letter became taciturn without exception. Except for Crabbe and Goyle who became more arrogant instead of being brainless, the rest of the Slytherins seemed more willing to let themselves be seen from the eyes of the other students. disappeared in.As an insider, Ron Weasley stared at Malfoy at the Slytherin table, his teeth itching with hatred.
   I really don't understand, why does Hogwarts allow the children of those Death Eaters to enroll?
    He complained, 
   Just let them be expelled, wouldn't it be fine?
   Judging by Harry's expression, although he didn't directly agree with Ron's words, the meaning was the same.Last night, he and Dumbledore, led by Sirius, came to the dusty and musty smelling No. 12 Grimmauld Place.After a conversation with Sirius that seemed more like an interrogation than an inquiry, Dumbledore received an exquisite locket from the house-elf Kreacher.And when they came back, they happened to meet Snape who came to report.Snape went to participate in the first re-loyalty ceremony of the Death Eaters, and according to him, the former Death Eaters except Karkaroff who did not dare to go because they were too scared, the restEveryone went without leaving.When the Death Eaters were going to follow Voldemort to kill and set fire, they still had to watch the sons and daughters of these Death Eaters plotting something in front of them.
   Are you stupid?
    Hermione looked at the two of them with pity, 
   It is because their parents are Death Eaters that they are placed under Hogwarts custody. A bunch of parents who only know black magic nest together, what will happen to them when they grow up.
   Harry was taken aback:    It seems so.
   Just like his cousin Dudley, under the doting of the Dursleys, he was really bad, but after going to boarding school for a few years, although his nature is still bad, at least he can be like a human being when he wants to be human. That's it.
   So Harry, you should make up your homework now.
    Hermione complained again, 
   Because you don't need to do homework to be a warrior, look how much you have fallen behind in your studies! Next year's exam...
   Harry decided to keep playing the fool and procrastinate as long as he could.Chapter 390 Two: Information Dissemination Doesn't Only Rely on the MediaKarkaroff's escape as a trigger, many things have changedUndoubtedly, the higher-ups of the Ministry of Magic and some purebloods of Slytherin knew the reason for Karkaroff's escape.But none of them said it, nor even intended to tell the general public.Rita Skeeter originally wanted to make big news, but the investigation was stopped by the Ministry of Magic just after it started, and even some financial backers behind her told her not to    meddle her business
   , which made her The career had to collapse in the middle.The Ministry of Magic issued a ban on newspapers, radio stations and other media, forbidding them to report inside information related to Karkaroff, and the 20 minutes in which the Hogwarts warrior disappeared inexplicably during the Tournament was naturally not allowed to be mentioned. There was an accident with the Portkey.And as Lockhart's tamed An Zi, these information were naturally sent to Lockhart by Rita.The reaction of the Ministry of Magic is not surprising, and Lockhart, as a person in the system, actually knows what happened better than Rita.But Dumbledore gave him the task, saying that he hoped that he could convince the mainstream British wizarding world of the fact that Voldemort had returned before the end of the Five Powers Tournament.This is necessary, but this task is not that simple. It took Dumbledore and them a whole year to force the Ministry of Magic to admit Voldemort's return in the original book.In other words, the British wizarding world stayed at 
   declaring that nothing happened
    for a whole year, and then jumped directly to the third stage 
   we might do something, but unfortunately nothing can be done.
   During this period, Voldemort had already contacted evil magical creatures at home and abroad, formulated a comprehensive plan to seize power, and rescued his most loyal men from Azkaban.came outEven after Fudge stepped down and when Scrimgeour first took office, the Ministry of Magic was still in a period of chaotic policy adjustments. Voldemort also took advantage of this gap to assassinate potential members of the Order of the Phoenix such as Amelia Burns, further reducing the Take over the resistance of the Ministry of Magic by yourself.In short, Fudge's lying behavior is really heinous. He delayed the best time for the magic world to contain Voldemort's rise, and successfully reduced the organization of the magic world, which Lockhart could not tolerate.Dumbledore can be said to be helpless to Fudge's deafness and dumbness. Apart from responding to the Ministry of Magic's slander with an attitude of being upright and not afraid of being crooked, he did not do much. In a sense, this is also a Kind of lay flat, because he doesn't care.But Lockhart didn't intend to be a gentleman, and he always solved problems with a villain than a villain.On the first weekend after the Big Five Tournament, Lockhart was at the Wisereck Brothers Magic Shop in Diagon Alley.
   Good morning!
    Lockhart said hello, and came to the counter with ease, 
   how is the business recently?
   The shopkeeper, who was adjusting a precision balance, raised his head and squinted his eyes, seeing the person coming through the light of the window.
   Good morning, Gildero.
    He put down the tiny screwdriver in his hand, 
   Business is good, as you can see, I'm preparing the balances requested by the Pharmacists' Association, and they asked for 120 in one go...
   
   Why do you need so many scales?
    Lockhart asked curiously, 
   Is their manpower enough to watch dozens of pots at the same time?
   
   Granger said that the medicinal properties of different medicinal materials will affect each other, so they have to change the tray paper after weighing the medicines once, which is very troublesome. For the sake of efficiency, theyThere are three balances for one pot.U!JJLockhart whistled when he heard the words:    Good guy, it's different when you have money, big dog...
   
   Yeah, you've made a lot of money too, right? I heard you made a lot of money from the Muggles.
    Weizeek asked casually.
   Not much.
    Lockhart was very humble. 
   Where's your brother?
   
   He went abroad and went to Bolivia to talk about the import agency of ghost exorcism items. After the first competition, we received a lot of orders in this area, and we were almost overwhelmed, so we had to import...
   Hearing this, Lockhart showed a sad face.
   Really? So I have to go to Devis Bans to see, you may not be able to take it... Sorry to bother you today, I have something to do, let's go out for a drink together tonight...After finishing speaking, he turned around as if preparing to leave.^Wait! 
   Wizeac stopped him quickly, he was in such a hurry, and now our store is not only my brother and I, we have also hired new people, the wages are really not cheap, and we can buy many things from Ma The melons are imported and then transformed...Did you forget?
   
   
   
Chapter 185   
   
   
   How could I forget?
    Lockhart turned back again, 
   That's why I came to you at the first time.
   Hanjin, why don't you ask first before you speak? 
   The owner suggested, 
   At worst, I'll hire a few more people... What do you want?
    
   Lockhart stopped putting on airs, and took out a long list from the inside pocket of his robe, with hundreds of lines densely written on it.Weizeac took out his glasses from the counter and put them on, ready to take a look at what Lockhart wanted.
   Let me see, dragonhide protective cloak, enchanted alchemy robe, quick pop-upWand sheaths, smoke grenades, flash grenades, decoy bombs, anti-curse broom charms, helmet-style wizard hats, panoramic binoculars, gas masks... so many things, and 50 of each.God, are you planning to start a war?Hahaha…
   Weizeac made a joke that he thought was funny, and without waiting for Lockhart's reaction, he laughed to himself.But Lockhart didn't laugh:    So... can it be done? I want to hand in the documents within two monthsWeizeac's laughter stopped abruptly.He was a little surprised now:    Are you serious?
   
   Of course.
    Lockhart said, pointing to the list with his finger.
   But...
    Wieseac felt a little incomprehensible, 
   Why do you want so much?
   Lockhart showed a funny expression:    Obviously, I'm not the only one who wants to use it!
   
   Of course I know that this is not from one person, but you also understand what I mean. Many things on this need to use dragon skin or even black dragon skin. It is impossible to get it in a short time-what are you doing with so many protective equipment? ?” Weizeeck questioned.If it hadn't been for Lockhart who came here with this list, he might have secretly written a small note while steadying him, and let the owl bring it to the Auror's office.Hearing his question, Lockhart showed a look of embarrassment.
   This...has nothing to do with you. Ah, Auror, it's the Auror Office...
    Seeing his words flicker, Wieseek became more suspicious:    But you belong to the International Division!
   
   Alas...
    Lockhart scratched his hair in distress, 
   There is always something new, anyway, there is always something to be prepared for, right?
   Hearing what he said, Wiser lowered his head, glanced at the list 5 again, and finally couldn't hold it back.
   Preparation? What exactly are you referring to?
    His cheeks and eyes were wrinkled together:    There are so many things... And cloaks, robes, etc., you should go to the clothing store to buy them, and you have to buy decoy bombs and smoke bombs.
    Go to the Bouncy Magic Joke Store, and the Magic Map... Shouldn't this one go to Whizhard?
   
   I will go, but this list was proposed by everyone, so everything is written down on a piece of paper, you only need to look at the part you can do, and I will place an order immediately when I am optimistic.
   After hearing the order, Wieseek decided to put aside his curiosity and concentrate on business.
   Place an order... I can make most of the items on this list, but because the quantity is too large, and the two-month construction period is too tight, you have to pay a deposit.
    He said tentatively.Unexpectedly, Lockhart agreed very happily.
   No problem! I can pay the deposit now.
    He took out his Gringotts key.Hearing that he promised so happily, Wieseek simply broke his heart:    The deposit needs to be 30%... It's not that I doubt your credit, but that I really need so much to buy raw materials and so on. My brother took it away Half of the reserve funds in the store, I have to keep a sum of money for the payment of goods, so...
   Lockhart interrupted him:    How much?
   This eager statement made Weizeek's doubts deepen.
   Wait a minute, let me do the math...
    He took out a handful of Napier counting chips and began to count the money.Looking at the speed of his calculations, Lockhart was a little impatient.
   Do you know Indian numerals? Do you use a calculator? I have a calculator hereJJThe corner of Weizeek's mouth twitched—do you want to be so impatient?Can't even wait 2 more minutes?
   I know how to use a calculator. After all, I have dealt with Muggles a lot.
    He took the calculator from Lockhart.After counting for a few minutes, Wieseek finally selected 20 or so items on the list and calculated the prices.
   —a total of 1910 galleons, 30% is...just...
   
   Forget it, here, I'll give you eight hundred... I only have one request, and that is to deliver the goods as soon as possible with quality and quantity, okay?
    Lockhart repeated his request.Looking at the heavy bag that Lockhart handed over, Weizeac felt that he had no reason to refuse anymore.Drink it. He finally agreed, 
   I will let the newly recruited people concentrate on buying your materials first... I will go to Bo Jin Bok for these few more difficult things. 
   
   Great, regular customers should have such convenience. Well, I wish you a prosperous business, and I'm going to go to the Tuofan clothing store and the trick store...
   Lockhart walked out of the Weizeac store contentedly with the order contract in hand, leaving the shopkeeper alone at the counter suspiciously.Chapter 390 Three Little People Can Do Big ThingsLockhart did what he said, he spent a whole morning and a noon, and carried out an unprecedented sweep in Diagon Alley, and he even visited Knockturn Alley, which has become more and more dilapidated recentlyAlthough the shopkeepers were very happy to have such a Kaizi, after calming down, they felt strange just like Wieseek.Why did Lockhart suddenly buy such a large batch of emergency goods?Not only are these things simple and clear in purpose, they are for fighting and defense against black magic, but they are also in such a large quantity that no one can misunderstand them—it is not used by one person.Of course, so far, they haven't thought much about it. For example, what if Lockhart is preparing equipment for the five-wizard tournament?But that guesswork was shattered in the evening when everyone went to relax at the Leaky Cauldron.There are roughly three types of bars in the UK, one is club-like clubs, the other is purely drinking and chatting, and the other is Pub (Public_Huse), which is very British.Compared with the other two, the biggest difference between Pub and Pub is that its business place is firstly a house that can be lived in, and secondly, it is a place that provides drinks and drinks. Many of these bars are the ancestral home of the owner, which has been passed down to a certain generation. Then suddenly decided to take it out to sell alcohol, so it became a bar.The interior furnishings of this type of bar usually not only have the function of business, but also are common things in the lives of ordinary residents. Almost every old object has its own story, which has a very high historical and cultural research value. called 
   BarJJ's flirtatious stuff is completely different.The Leaky Cauldron is undoubtedly such a 
   Pub
    - it was built in the early 16th century, has a long history, and as No. 1 Diagon Alley and the usual channel into Diagon Alley, it has a special status among wizards, The interior furnishings and every brick and tile has a special story. The Abbott family, where Hannah Abbott later took over, is one of the 
   Holy 28 Pure Bloods
   .Undoubtedly, such a bar is and must be the most frequent meeting place for wizards, and it is also the best way to disseminate all kinds of gossip and business information. Although the source of information and its authenticity are worrying, it is more grounded Gas, and better transmission.Today, the boss Tom poured wine for the guests as always, and kept wiping his never-ending glass by the way, but the topics discussed by the guests gradually made him feel a little different.—At the beginning, these topics were not different from usual: either it was the recruitment information of Warcraft farms with high salaries, extraordinary pharmacists recruiting apprentices, etc., or some industry complained about the sudden labor shortage recently, or the recent    I can do it if I can
    remarks about why a certain warrior's performance in the ongoing five-wild tournament is so bad.But as the owners of Diagon Alley gradually joined the battle, the topic quickly turned into Gilderoy Lockhart's inexplicable big deal.There is no other reason, it is because the list is really too big.Gilderoy Lockhart is also a real celebrity in Diagon Alley, not only because he has held autograph sessions here almost every year since 10 years ago, but also because his big moves in the past two years have continued .Different from those idol signings that only witches pay attention to, such things as the Pharmacist Association recruiting apprentices with high salaries and Sniff Company recruiting expatriate employees with high salaries are what the masses really care about, and it is these things that make Loha has become a frequent topic of discussion in the tavernTopics.Whenever he tinkered with something new or a new industry, someone would always make a lot of money from it. Although the pure blood and Granger who bought shares in the sniffing drilling company would follow the tradition of not revealing their wealth, it was not Everyone tries to keep the same low profile when they get a lot of money, so the specifics of getting rich still get out of places like the Leaky Cauldron.When these money-making news are combined with the mainstream consciousness of ridiculing Muggles, the speed of spread is as if they have wings-what stupid Muggles actually spend 4 Galleons to buy a bottle of hair tonic? Barrels of stinky oil that is useless for nothing but burning can sell for more than a dozen Galleons, and the queen of Muggles has a cold that can't be cured... No matter where these 
   disgraceful
    jokes are placed never goes out of style, especially when it also makes wizards a lot of moneySo when Lockhart appears in Diagon Alley, it is not surprising that his every move will be closely watched.On the one hand, I am a little curious about this 
   big adventurer
    who has transformed into a politician. On the other hand, everyone wants to know where the next way to make money is.And today's news is also about making money - Lockhart suddenly came to Diagon Alley today and placed orders worth nearly [-] Galleons from about seven or eight shopsThese items are not expensive, except that some items that require dragon skin may need to be specially ordered, other items are regular items, and some items are even closer to thetheater production□ MouthHowever, it is precisely because the price is not expensive that such a large list is particularly eye-catching.It’s as if it’s normal for a rich man to spend 300 million for a Manchurian feast, but it’s weird to spend 300 million to buy [-] Peking ducks—that’s not how money is spent, right?Because all the owners of Diagon Alley come here to drink, their topics are veryIt quickly attracted the attention of people around, especially those who have always wanted to make a fortune.The reason why they were willing to spend so much energy on Lockhart placing such a large order was actually very simple, because they really wanted to know if he would order again, or order something else.If so, then this is an industry that deserves their continued investment, but if it's just a one-off deal, then they'll be done with something temporary to deal with it.—A group of shoulder-to-shoulderers who usually have nothing to do and can only toss around some gadgets finally found the opportunity to join the topic. They are eager to find out some news so that they can make a big deal and play with him for half a year.Among these people, Mundungus Fletcher's voice was particularly loud.
   Poison Horn Beast Explosive Liquid? I have it here! I also have the seeds of poisonous tentacles! I can also think of a way for the eggshells of Chimera... Quantity? How much you want! I and the people on the black market in France, Spain and Greece very familiar...
   Seeing that he really has a wide range of paths, the shopkeepers frowned and allowed him to sit with them, and then continued to discuss.After being invited to sit down, Mundungus was not in a hurry to talk, and apart from answering the shopkeepers' questions, he occasionally took a sip of brandy, which made everyone feel that he was quite modest.It wasn't until everyone was discussing whether Lockhart's order was for the next project of the Big Five Tournament that he interrupted for the first time.
   This is definitely not the case. The goods for the competition have long been covered by the people from Hogsmeade. They just received a new order last week.
   Hearing what he said, the shopkeepers in Diagon Alley all looked at him.
   Are you sure?
    one of them asked.The person who asked the question was the owner of the Bouncing and Frolicking Magic Joke Shop - Dr. Philippe, the master of fireworks.Lockhart ordered a large batch of magic fireworks from him that could be ignited in water. He also specifically specified that the fireworks should be long-lasting and bright enough. As for the temperature and brightness, you don't need to worry too much.Although Fei Libar didn't know that Lockhart bought this to allow members of the Order of the Phoenix to deal with the Inferi, he could still feel that what Lockhart wanted was not ordinary.
   I'm sure.
    Mundungus said with a hey smile, 
   To tell you the truth, I am the one who supplies many prohibited trade items and Grade B trade items in Hogsmeade, and because of the high price, they They always order as much as they need, even if they can hide it from anyone, they can’t hide it from me. The Ministry of Magic secretly buys things for other reasons, hehe.”L/\?While talking, he took another big gulp of brandy, and then lit the bottom of the empty glass, seemingly intentionally or unintentionally.The shopkeepers looked at each other after hearing this, and then nodded.Snakes have snake lairs, rats have rat ways. Although they don't look down on such a small person as Mundungus, they still recognize his source of information.They are all shop owners. In order to reduce costs, everyone always finds some less bright purchase channels to solve the problem of supply. What Mundungus said is reasonable and reasonable, so they all believe it.
   Tom, another brandy for this friend of ours!
    Wieseeck shouted across the bar.Tom, who was wiping the glass, stopped immediately, then took out a bottle of brandy from the cabinet without saying a word, used the flying spell to refill Mundungus' glass, and handed it to Weizeac.Wieseeck pushed the cup in front of Mundungus, and couldn't wait to start asking questions.
   So, what happened over there recently?
   Mundungaston, who got a full glass of wine, burst into laughter:    Of course, the Ministry of Magic will not suddenly want to waste money, right?
   
   So...
   Mundungus glanced around, then suddenly lowered his voice:   Ha, to tell you the truth, I heard it from a little brother I know... A sensational event happened in the third match of the Five Powers Tournament, otherwise those gentlemen of the Ministry of Magic would not want to suddenly Come to buy armor...they are terribly dead!
   After that, he poured another big gulp of wine into his mouth.The shopkeepers' attention was immediately attracted by him.Hou Tian said. ' they urged.Chapter 390 Establishment of Information SourcesIt didn't take long for Mundungus to attract the attention of half of the tavern people.
   I have a brother who works in the sports department, and I have a very close relationship with him...
    He used this sentence as the beginning of his 
   speech
   .Of course he came here for a purpose—Lockhart gave him a sum of money, and besides allowing him to approach the shopkeepers in Diagon Alley under the guise of doing business, he also taught him a set of tricks to confuse people.Some people always think that the core of manipulating public opinion is to have as much propaganda power as possible, but in fact it is not the same thing at all. This is a mistake of 
   whoever has the loudest voice can win the argument
   .The key to controlling the public opinion environment is not whether there are too many or few people to promote, but whether you can produce enough effective information through as many channels as possible within the public opinion window period, and let them reach the public.Under a topic with tens of millions of clicks, in fact, the navy that controls it is often only three or five people, far from the number of 
   armies
    people imagined.Similarly, although Fudge thought he could control the public opinion environment by controlling the newspaper media, he did not understand that propaganda channels are not the whole of propaganda, and newspapers are not the whole of propaganda channels.In a society of acquaintances with a population of about 1, sometimes word of mouth is more powerful than formal media channels.And what Mundungus is doing now is the first step-creating sources of information.He created a false 
   sports department official
   , and then spread a real conspiracy theory rumor——
   Karkaroff, the headmaster of Durmstrang, do you know? He is a dark wizard. He used to be a Death Eater. You can check it out...
   Those who were listening nodded unanimously—the matter of Karkaroff everyoneI have heard of it more or less, even young people who don't know his past, they have read about it when they introduced the backgrounds of the principals of the schools in the Five Powers Tournament in the newspaper.
   Just heard it. Do you still remember that during the Tournament last week, the Hogwarts warriors disappeared for 10 minutes? ... Tell you, it was Karkaroff who tampered with the game's portkey and tried to murder us Hogwarts warriors!
    He 
   revealed
    in a serious manner.
   
   My God! 
   The observer sighed, 
   I never thought he would do such a thing.
   ■
   
   
Chapter 186   
   
   
   Is there anything unexpected?
    The clerk of the clothing store next to him immediately retorted, 
   Have you never read the history of the Tournament? Cheating has always been a tradition of the Triwizard Tournament, and it will be the same this time.
   
   Speaking of which, I heard from my schoolchildren that Karkaroff has disappeared? Could it be that he was secretly arrested for a crime?
   
   Really? Why haven't I heard of it? It wasn't written in the newspaper.
   
   That's the weirdest thing. It's not reported in the newspapers.
   Everyone was chattering, talking about Karkaroff's disappearance.After their discussion was over, Mundungus found that everyone's eyes were on him againSo he continued:    Later I heard that when the Aurors interrogated Karkaroff, they found that he had been under the Imperius Curse, and he was also tattooed with a strange symbol...
   
   The Imperius Curse!
    Everyone was surprised.Although more than ten years have passed since the first wizarding war, everyone is not so forgetful and knows what the Imperius Curse is.Is there any more?Who is controlling him? 
   Someone asked immediately.They were disappointed this time, because Mundungus shook his head.
   Don't look at me like that, that's all I know.
    He said regretfully, 
   My brother is only in the sports department after all, and he only saw Karkaroff being arrested by a few people in black robes in the end. Let's go, he doesn't know what happened later, he just heard about the Imperius Curse...
   Although Mundungus didn't reveal more, everyone found it very believable.After all, this is just an illegal trader who usually does a little bit of petty theft. Knowing something is already very good. If he and everyone broke the news about a bunch of inside secrets of the Ministry of Magic, then everyone would be suspicious.But this is enough, because everyone will associate it.
   Speaking of which, the Ministry of Magic must know something.
    Weizeac said suddenly, 
   Lockhart suddenly came to buy a lot of supplies, and he paid real money. And asked who he bought it for, He's been hemming and hawing.
   But I asked too, and he said he didn't buy it for the Ministry of Magic. 
   The people in the joke shop also exposed their sources of information.
   The robes he ordered came in a total of seven sizes, obviously not for one person
   And why didn't he buy it in Hogsmeade, why did he have to come to Diagon Alley?
   After discussing for a long time, the doubts in everyone's hearts became deeper and deeper. Although they couldn't draw any conclusions, they always felt a little heavy in their hearts.After walking out of the Leaky Cauldron, Mundungus walked around pretending to be drunk, and then turned into Knockturn Alley when no one was paying attention.In front of a divination booth in Knockturn Alley, a person was already waiting there.
   Hey, Munger! How's it going, is it going well?
    Lockhart waved at himMundungus Fletcher hurried over and sat down with Lockhart.
   Where's my money?
    He seemed impatient.
   Don't worry.
    Lockhart continued to whet his appetite. 
   Our agreement is to see results... What do those people say?
   The dumplings turned out so well, they had already started to think wildly. Mundungus said proudly, 
   I have demonstrated the possibility of Karkaroff's disappearance from various angles, but none of them is close to the truth.
    
   Now Mundungus can be said to be extremely proud. As a person who knows the 
   truth
   , he has a sincere sense of superiority in IQ when he sees a bunch of big people who usually need to look up to make wild guesses.How can Lockhart not understand his current state-many low-level sailors enjoy this job with very little income because of this rare experience of being above others, until they find out Until the time when the job is really lucrative.So he took out five gold coins and stuffed them into Mundungus' hands.
   So little?
    Mundungus was a little disappointed.Although 5 Galleons is not a small amount for a person like him, at least equivalent to about two weeks' usual income, but after learning that Lockhart just spent a large sum of money on something, he felt a little uncomfortable. A realistic vision - especially in the context of the recent price increases in the wizarding world.But he didn't know that Lockhart had other considerations - it's not that he can't give more, but for Mundungus, a hungry wolf who just discovered the taste of prey, you really can't - feed it all at once , otherwise something will happen.
   It's just a conversation, this amount of money is enough, I suspect that even if I only get one Galleon, those of your colleagues will rush to do it.
    Lockhart said.Mundungus also knew this truth, but he was still a little disappointed.
   Well, five is five, at least you are better than Dumbledore, he never pays me to work.
    He muttered a few words.He took the money and turned to leave, but Lockhart held him back.
   Why?
    he asked.
   Are you satisfied with only five Galleons? You haven't finished my work yet!
    Lockhart pretended to be surprised, 
   Next we will continue to spread the news...to fight against the evil Dark Lord, and to make money! 
   Mundungus was taken aback for a moment, and then hope was rekindled:    How to say?Mundungus is similar to other people who live in gray areas: lazy, timid, and often forgetful about small profits.But the reason why he was able to be drawn into the Order of the Phoenix by Dumbledore was not only because he did have his own intelligence network composed of gossip, but also because Mundungus was somewhat moral, or in other words, he was paralyzed. honor.Despite the gray area, as long as he was working for a great man like Dumbledore, he could continue to lie to himself that he was still a moral man.Lockhart is very clear about the thinking of this kind of people—it seems that there are also a group of people who call themselves    patriotic navy
    in the navy. They never accept overseas political orders, but only business orders.Although this kind of patriotism seems a bit ridiculous to outsiders, and it is not much better than prostitutes who say they are patriotic, but from a certain point of view, they are really much stronger than Mou Yu who defected.Lockhart had no intention of delving into the moral and philosophical propositions involved, he only knew that if used properly, people like Mundungus could also play a huge role.It's like when Dumbledore was alive, he usually only let Mundungus do intelligence work, and would never take him to the battlefield, which is very wise, because he onlyCan do this kind of work.And after Dumbledore's death, Moody let Mundungus fight in the Battle of the Seven Potters, which is outrageous.As a result, not surprisingly, Moody was escaped and sold by Mundungus, who was hit by the Death Eater's Imperius Curse, during the battle. It can only be said that Moody's vision and means of employing people are indeed worse than Dumbledore.Of course Lockhart would not make such a mistake, making the best use of people is the minimum quality and ability of a superior.So he threw a big pie at Mundungus.
   I want you to contact your peers, and in the next half month, you will appear in front of these people in Diagon Alley in various roles and names, and spread the information I formulated...Of course, I will pay you, 80 Galleons per person for activities, and you, as the general manager, I will give you 100 Galleons, and other expenses will be calculated separately, how about that? It’s a good deal to earn that much in half a month, right?”
   Really?
    Mundungus was a little moved.
   Of course, it's for the wizarding world.
    Lockhart said with a serious face, 
   Those damn Ministry of Magic bureaucrats want to cover up the truth, we must find a way to reveal the truth to everyone, even if the means are not very bright. 
   Mundungus nodded again and again:    Yes, we can't let those fat-bellied officials run amok.
   Although he was still a thief, when he said this, Mundungus felt that he was unusually righteous.He is fighting side by side with 
   The Greatest Wizard
    Dumbledore and 
   Master of Dark Arts Against
    Lockhart!But Mundungus immediately thought of something:    Then, why can't we tell them the truth directly, but solve the problem through this kind of... um, spreading rumors?
   
   The reason why rumors and conspiracy theories are believed is because they cater to the cognition of some people.
    Lockhart did not hide his secrets, 
   The first step to influence public opinion is to control the source of information, regardless of the source of information we Whether we want to spread the truth to the audience or pollute based on our position, we must first control the information, and the first step in controlling the information is to make it acceptable to the masses and cater to their inherent beliefs. know the concept.”Judging from Mundungus' expression, Lockhart knew that he didn't understand, but it didn't matter, because he just wanted to make Mundungus give up looking into it with such 
   unintelligible
    words.It is too difficult for a wizard who has not attended primary school to understand information communication that is only taught in Muggle university classes.Sure enough, Mundungus surrendered.
   Just tell me what I need to do.
    He said very bachelorly,
   I don't read much, so just don't lie to me.
   
   Lied to you? Didn't you get the money?
    Lockhart said mockingly, 
   Whether what I said is true or not, the money you got in your hand can't be fake, right?
   
   That's right.
    Mundungus completely gave up thinking.Chapter 390 Five ArrangementsLockhart worked hard, and finally planted a seed of doubt in Diagon Alley, the place where wizards exchange information most frequently. It can be regarded as achieving the goal he wanted to achieve in the first step, that is, 
   issue control
   As long as he kept the topic within the range he wanted, no matter what the results of the discussions among the wizards in Diagon Alley were, the final result would be beneficial to the Order of the Phoenix.The reason is very simple - just like the once popular 
   Han Han fake theory
   , Fang Zhouzi, a master of manipulating public opinion, used various methods of distorting facts, polluting information sources with partial generalization, and even using pyramid schemes to coerce public opinion This method labels all those who defend the parties as 
   stakeholders
   So no matter how much Han Han proves himself, no matter what the result is, he has already lost the battle of public opinion.Because as long as the public starts to discuss whether his works are masterpieces, even if only 1% of people believe Fang Zhouzi's rumors in the end, it will be a failure for Han Han.Because no one believed in ghostwriting at all, but now, after all, 1% more people believe it.This is the advantage of the navy controlling the issue—as long as the goal of making people discuss is achieved, then it is only a question of winning more or less, and there is no question of winning or not.It was because Yongzheng didn't understand this truth that he came up with 
   Dayijue Milu
   , and honestly admitted, 
   I gave my father a bowl of ginseng soup the night before, but he couldn't do it the next day. 
   This kind of words, the result is completely different from his purpose of dispelling the rumors.Fortunately, his son Qianlong understood that when he came to power, he sealed this book, which was not so much a defense as a way to help the rumors spread more widely, otherwise more people would believe the rumors of tampering with the imperial edict.After completing the issue control, the next thing Lockhart asked Mundungus to do was toIt surfaced, which is the second step of public opinion influence—information mutual verification, and at the same time attacking the enemy’s chain of trust.The reason why people are deceived by repeated lies is because in people's subconscious mind, a single source of information, that is, 
   solitary evidence
   , is not reliable. Only when multiple independent sources of information are proved together, is its credibility It will be greatly improved, but the problem is that this kind of thinking will also bring opportunities to the rumor-mongering trolls.As the so-called 
   three people become tigers
    and 
   Zeng Shen kills people
   , the initial rumors seem so unreliable, but after many people tell them, people will subconsciously believe it, because in this person's view, they / She obtained the 
   facts
    of 
   there are tigers on the street
    and 
   Zeng Shen killed a man
    from many independent sources of information.But in fact these are not 
   independent information sources
   , but many branches of a polluted information source.The rumor that there were tigers on the street was fabricated by the same person. He passed it on to many people, and then many people passed it on to the king. Not many people saw the tiger.The reason why the navy uses multiple vests and sizes is also because of this—when a navy demonstrates some plausible views, the public will definitely not believe it.But if there are many trumpets of the navy appearing as netizens in different vests, and after one person 
   proves
    part of the rumors, then bystanders will definitely think that 
   so many people say that XXX is not good, then there must be something wrong with him 
   
   Even if each piece of 
   evidence
    cannot withstand careful scrutiny.The group of anti-genes uses this method - because most people do not have biological expertise, do not understand the reason why transcribed DNA cannot directly affect the human body, and the probability of gene transcription mutations producing toxic proteins is very small , subconsciously took the prudence of experts who 
   do not rule out the possibility of poison
    as a 
   guilty heart
   It is precisely because the public cannot judge right from wrong, so everyone can only choose reliable sources of information.Therefore, as long as anti-genetic people mobilize enough people or media to collectively express their trust in a certain information source (such as a public figure who started a company to grow organic vegetables and collect IQ tax), they will follow the letter under the herd mentality.It doesn’t matter even if some authoritative experts like Yuan Longping come out and sing the opposite, because in the environment of public opinion, an “authoritative” determination needs to go through a communication process to reach the public’s mind. They only need to control this communication process, and there is no need to control all the authorities. .Therefore, anti-genetics can also create a group of 
   pseudo-experts
    who have no academic authority to compete with them through the method of mutual verification of multiple information sources.They even distort and intercept part of the views of real experts to cater to the views of conspiracy theorists, so as to achieve their own goals.Although these methods are not visible, but if these methods are used in the righteous way, they can be regarded as waste utilization.Because no one is perfect, and every individual in the public has his own work, it is impossible to know every knowledge field in detail and have the ability to distinguish independentlyTherefore, in the field of ignorance, the 
   public
    as a whole must only accept some flat views, or believe certain opinion leaders.Therefore, these methods of influencing public opinion are also helpful to the dissemination of real information, it just depends on who uses them and what the purpose is.Lockhart took this into consideration when disseminating information-if he, like Dumbledore, directly publicized the news that Voldemort had been resurrected to all wizards, then he would first encounter a backlash from the Ministry of Magic, and then There will be a group of ostriches who don't want to believe to go along with the 
   authority
    of the Ministry of Magic, and then the Ministry of Magic will use the power of the media to send members of the Order of the Phoenix—especially core members like Lockhart, Dumbledore, and Harry Shaped into clowns one by one, through a series of 
   independent information sources
    to influence the public's judgment from multiple angles.In order to avoid this passive situation, Lockhart felt that he had to use plausible rumors to make the Ministry of Magic drop its vigilance, making them think that the public was just guessing wildly without knowing it, and the Order of the Phoenix hadn't leaked the truth yet.But they will not know that Lockhart is using this method to reduce the Ministry of MagicCredibility in public opinion, that is, to attack the 
   chain of trust
    of the Ministry of Magic's information sources, and before the Ministry of Magic officials try to control public opinion, they will be branded as 
   liars
    who are not trusted by the public, and 
   raccoons of the same feather
    So does the Daily Prophet.In this way, when the 
   conscience inside the Ministry of Magic
    like Lockhart and Kingsley jumped out and admitted that 
   some people have indeed concealed the truth
   , the angry public already had the cognition and psychological preparation in this regard. , they will subconsciously regard their words as true, and it becomes very easy to speak the truth at this time.But Lockhart also has to pay attention to one thing, that is, he still has to work in the system of the Ministry of Magic after all, and he can't offend all the officials of the Ministry of Magic and the media because of this.Therefore, while Mundungus is carrying out public opinion influence activities according to his instructions, he will pull out a vote of conscientious allies within the Ministry of Magic, neutralize some wavering people, and finally put them out when he admits the truth. Also pull them into their own camp, so that they can't refuse.The same is true for the media. The Daily Prophet will be defeated as a 
   villain
   , but Lockhart's Queen's media, 
   The Witch Weekly
   , can win them over and let them become the 
   conscience of the media
   .These things seemed complicated, but to him, who was used to seeing the political strife between the two Houses of Parliament and Downing Street, these could only be regarded as basic operations, and Muggles could also teach wizards a good lesson in this regard.If there were no accidents, Lockhart should be able to see the results of his work within a month, and he would definitely surprise Fudge when the work was completed.And the next thing Lockhart has to do is to quickly test the gang of pure bloodattitude.What exactly was their attitude toward Voldemort when he returned?If they were really just being coerced, then Lockhart wouldn't mind trying to win them over - it wouldn't be out of the question to even show them the way.but if heThey were determined to go all the way to the dark with Voldemort, so Lockhart also had a way to deal with them.But Lockhart felt that they might not all be determined to go on, at least anyone could guess the small thoughts of Malfoy's family.Voldemort can too.Chapter 390Because the Ministry of Magic wants to continue pretending to be peaceful through singing and dancing, the Ministry of Magic has spent more energy on the Five-Power Tournament not only has it not decreased, but has instead increased.This is very helpful for Mundungus to spread rumors, because as long as the Ministry of Magic is not aware of the seriousness of the problem, they will not pay attention to Lockhart's small movements.Lockhart arranged a duel entertainment match between the third and fourth games as a buffer, considering that the warriors of several colleges had already played sparks in the third game, and they must be somewhat dissatisfied with each other.So this duel entertainment game is actually a 
   shooting match
    for contestants to openly resolve disputes, and the venue is also held in the Slytherin secret room. Only VIPs who pay enough money can enter the game.In the dueling club, warriors can challenge unconvinced opponents at any time, as long as they meet the dueling rules, they can fight as they please, and even bet a little bit of money.In addition, in this entertainment competition, students who are not warriors are also eligible to challenge the warriors, and even tourists who come to Hogwarts are also eligible to participate. As long as they are willing to apply in advance and sponsor another sum of money, they can also compete with their favorite The brave warriors come to a duel on the stage.Although this is not a formal game, in the eyes of Fudge, who is happy to hold a funeral, this entertainment game is as important as the main game.Because the intensity and excitement of this kind of competition are very high, and there are many tourists to participate, the audience and sponsorship that can be attracted are not less than those of the main competition.Lockhart wanted to see, he had given the chance, would Voldemort dare to exchange his son and let the Death Eaters enter the Chamber of Secrets to challenge Harry.And Dumbledore also has something to do with Ibi. He believes that under his supervision, Even if the Death Eaters entered the Chamber of Secrets, they would never be able to sneak attack Harry.
   All the ticket sales and VIP entry fees for this entertainment game will be donated to Durmstrang.
    Dumbledore said with an unusual atmosphere, and the Uyghurs are very difficult now.
   
   
Chapter 187   
   
   Krum, as the student representative of Durmstrang, together with officials from the Norwegian International Department, came to express his gratitude to Dumbledore in person.Because Karkaroff took away most of the school's liquidity when he escaped, Durmstrang is now in a very embarrassing situation, and what even a fool can think of is that after this incident at the school, he will choose Durmstrang in the next few years. The number of students enrolled in Strong is not too many.Looking back at Hogwarts, not only did they earn a lot of income because of the competition, but their popularity also increased again. Many wizards from Commonwealth member states expressed their willingness to study at Hogwarts.In addition to funding from the Ministry of Magic, Hogwarts now also has donations from alumni, competition income, and income from school-run industries. It is not short of money at all.Not surprisingly, because the venue was held in the Chamber of Secrets in Slytherin, many snake wizards who donated to the school received invitations to watch the game, and Lockhart was going to have a good 
   talk
    with them thereIt had to be a coincidence, because the purebloods were also desperate to talk to Lockhart, and some of them were already talking to him.Since the fifth day after Voldemort's return, Gemma Farley has been taking the opportunity of working at the Shrieking Shack to try to persuade Lockhart to withdraw from this matter, and the two have no idea why How many times have you quarreled over this?And today, after Gemma's persuasion failed again, she finally couldn't hold back her anger.
   I don't understand!
    she yelled at Lockhart, 
   You did all these things before, didn't you just want to be in a detached position when encountering this kind of thing? Why would you Get involved in such a dangerous thing?
   And Lockhart became more and more impatient:    Stay out of it? How many times have I said, do you think anyone can really stay out of it?
   
   Why not?
    Gemma asked back, 
   Now you are very famous and have a lot of fame, you have mastered all the resources to trade with Muggles, you have countless money on hand, and you are still in a high position. The strength is not small... No matter which side wins, don't they all need to rely on your strength in the end?
   The verdict is nonsense. 
   Lockhart interrupted her wishful thinking, 
   On the side of the mysterious man, every condition you just said is a reason for him to kill me. 
   Gemma paused, realizing that things might really turn out as Lockhart said.How could that man with a strong desire for power let another dazzling guy steal his limelight?Not to mention a 
   master against the dark arts
   
   But... we can still go abroad, aren't we from the International Department?
    Gemma still didn't give up, 
   
   In China, Dumbledore can entangle with the Dark Lord for a long time, we can be safe, wait for others to ask, You can also say that you are 
   enlisting foreign aid'
   Lockhart was tempted to say 
   that was an escape
    and tell her that he would be excluded from the inner political circle.But in the end he didn't say anything.Because he suddenly found that he didn't even have the mood to continue coping at this time.Seeing that he stopped talking, Gemma thought she had convinced him.
   It's good if we can figure it out. If possible, we will go to Australia after the Tournament. My family also has a friend there...
   
   Gemma,
    Lockhart cut her off suddenly.Gemma was going to continue talking about her vision of life, but LuoAfter Hart interrupted, she was a little dazed:    What?
   
   Peace be with you,
    said Lockhart.How could the young lady of Farley's family fail to understand what he meant.She was furious:    Why are you so stubborn? Just for the power to stand in front of the stage? What is that?! Tell you, even the Minister of Magic has to listen to us!
   Lockhart was surprisingly calm:    Yeah, I think you're right. The one who wins the war is not the one who defeats the opponent, but the one who survives to the end.
   Gemma laughed angrily:    So you understand everything, but you still want to stay in England? Work hard for Dumbledore?
   
   I only work for myself, just like you.
    Lockhart smiled slightly.The atmosphere in the air froze for a moment, and the unpleasant silence was not broken until a chubby stranger visited.
   Gidero, I heard you left a ticket for me...
   As soon as the visitor entered the yard, he shouted with a deliberately modified tone of voice, as if he was notifying the owner of the house to welcome him.At the same time, his pace was not too fast, for fear that if he walked too fast and walked directly to the door, the effect of letting Lockhart come out to 
   greet
    him would not be as good.Ignoring Gemma Farley who was sulking beside him, Lockhart walked over quickly and opened the door.
   Professor Slughorn! Welcome, please sit inside!
   Chapter 390 Seven Hidden Boss Old SlugThe person who came to visit Lockhart was, of course, that 
   old slug
   , Professor Slughorn.He is very well dressed, neat and straight, and the one-piece robe with dew marks was obviously ironed before coming here, and everything from the cane to the leather shoes has been taken care of spotlessly, even if it's just the small accessories on his body - there is a trace of delicacy and no deliberation the taste of.Based on this body alone, someone with a little knowledge can tell that this person is definitely a nobleman among the nobles.But compared to the look on his face, the clothes on his body are nothingEven though he was Voldemort's teacher and was a contemporary of Dumbledore, Professor Slughorn looked younger than a middle-aged man in his 50s.On his face, not only can you not see a little age spot, even his skin is still pink, and it is difficult to find obvious wrinkles, which even Dumbledore can't do.If the 
   Magic Awakening
    on the pig farm is an officially recognized part of the official history, then Professor Slughorn will still be a professor of potions at the school until 2022, and his age has definitely exceeded the biological limit of 120 years old.Not only that, although he is not as famous as Dumbledore and Voldemort, this does not mean that Slughorn is inferior to them in terms of talents.Even when Voldemort could not find the method and spell to make the Horcrux, Slughorn blurted out the principle of the Horcrux, and even hinted that he actually knew the spell.And judging from the fact that Voldemort deliberately took the opportunity to ask him for advice, this is not the first time this has happened.The i text is so terrible-days and jinhua Gehuo failed to teach the calendar defense technique, but like Snape, the master of Potions class, even Dumbledore had to go to the library to look through books temporarily in order to find information on Horcruxes, but Slughorn was able to blurt out when he was slightly drunk.This is Slughorn—knowledge of black arts is enough to guide Voldemort, Potions can guide Snape and Lily, set up a crime scene at the moment Dumbledore came to the door, and use Professor McGonagall's repeated warnings of human body transformation Transfiguration is undoubtedly the top level.In addition, in the final battle of Hogwarts, after drinking Felicia, Slughorn, together with McGonagall and Kingsley, faced Voldemort... the wizard who is qualified to say that Slughorn is 
   weak
    , there should be no more than 5 in the whole of the UK.Therefore, Lockhart has every reason to believe that this Professor Slughorn is definitely a hidden boss in the 
   Harry Potter
    series. In the matter of taking responsibility, you always have to 
   be brave
   , so you are weaker than Dumbledore in terms of reputation.Such a person has high magical strength and a very wide network of contacts. If possible, it is best to draw him into his camp. Even if he cannot be drawn in, he should be kept neutral.While Lockhart was looking at Slughorn, Slughorn was naturally thinking about how to deal with Lockhart.Gilderoy Lockhart is about 5 years younger than James and Sirius, which means that when Lily Evans was in the Advanced Potions class, Lockhart should have just entered the class, so Slughorn The professor should have also served as Lockhart's Potions teacher.But embarrassment was embarrassment here, because Slughorn found that he didn't remember the student very much at all.Clearly Lockhart is not Professor Slughorn's 
   Slug Club
   In other words, Lockhart's school grades were not outstanding at the time, and it was even more unlikely that he was 
   first in grade
    as some fanfiction said.And Professor Slughorn has always been very characteristic in his treatment of students. To put it nicely, he is called 
   meritocracy
   , and to put it badly, he is called 
   snobbish
   . Students who show off but have mediocre grades, Slughorn usually doesn't pay much attention to them.But the problem is that he missed it!Who would have thought that the student who behaved so mediocre in school would become a 
   master against the dark arts
    within a few years after graduation?Of course, if he is just an adventurer who can write books, Slughorn will miss it if he misses it, not to mention that when he read Lockhart's book, like Moody, he also found that his methods of dealing with dark magic creatures are all Right, but the theory was all wrong. I felt that he couldn't go far, so I didn't make any effort to remedy it.But then Lockhart's performance made his heart bleed too much - Lockhart not only cooperated with the pure blood to create a profitable oil company, but also made friends with Muggle executives and the royal family Using this method, he sold the worthless garbage from the Extraordinary Pharmacists Association for a good price.After learning of these things, Slughorn was heartbroken.The thing he wants to do most now is to find a chance to go to the Department of Mysteries of the Ministry of Magic, use the most powerful time-turner treasured there to go back 15 years ago, and tell himself at that time to include Lockhart in the Slug Club.Otherwise, how many benefits have I missed over the years!In a word, it is regret, very regret.But at this time, it is too late for Slughorn to regret it, and the best remedy he can think of is to pay for shares in the oil company led by Lockhart, and to help him speak well in the Pharmacists Association, so that Hope to have a chance to get online again in the futureHe originally wanted to be more reserved, waiting for this young man to come to him, but he suddenly heard recently that the damn Voldemort had actually been resurrected.Slughorn knew without even thinking about it. In order to keep the secret of his Horcrux, Voldemort might one day recall the fact that he had asked him about the Horcrux, and he would instruct the Death Eaters to attack him. , Voldemort can definitely do this.Although Slughorn's own magical strength is quite good, it is no problem to deal with seven or eight Death Eaters, but Slytherin's caution still made him reject the idea of ​​tough Death Eaters.There are only two safe places for Slughorn these days: one is Hogwarts, and the other is far away overseas, and both of these places happen to be around Hogsmeade. solve.So he stopped being reserved and took the initiative to look for Lockhart.   Hey, Gilderoy!
    Slughorn's voice was particularly friendly, 
   Look at what I have recently invented - a potion, just mix a drop of it when pouring water, it can make hundreds of bushels All the oil in the tar sands is leached out, and the remaining bitumen and muddy water can be solidified together, and it only costs 10 Sickles a pint...
   Lockhart's mind was racing - it turned out that Slughorn was here to show his favor!Thank you so much with E! He quickly made a happy look, 
   This is a great help!
   The drilling aids sold by Muggles are too expensive, so you can't buy them...
   
   Hahaha, nothing to thank, boy, it's really nothing, anyway, I have shares...
    Slughorn's face turned into a flower with a smile, 
   Since I retired, I've been relying on this extra income Living life, you know…”Believe in your ghosts, you are a very bad old man.Lockhart thought.The reason why Slughorn can live so well is not only the income from making potions.His protégés are all over the entire British wizarding community. It can be said that the younger generation of British wizards, Tpi00, have more or less friendship with him, and the rewards from these people alone are enough for him to live comfortably and live a good life. Very moisturizing.As for the reason why he came to find him this time, he probably finally heard that Voldemort was back, so he couldn't wait to come to Hogwarts, probably because he wanted to get Dumbledore's protection.After entering the Shrieking Shack, Slughorn looked around and found that there were props for defending against black magic piled up everywhere, and he felt relieved immediately.
   Why is there so much Auror equipment here?
    He pretended not to notice, 
   And...Miss Farley? Are you traveling?
   He saw the family crest on Gemma Farley's robes.Gemma Farley didn't know Slughorn because of her young relationship, but she had known Slughorn's name for a long time, mainly from her own father.The Slytherins had nothing good to say about the old slug, although the old slug was smooth and no one could offend, but his reputation was only slightly better than that of the 
   pure-blood traitors
    of the Weasleys.There is no other reason, because Slughorn is too smooth in his attitude towards students.He has never been partial to Slytherin, but has always adhered to the 
   meritism
    attitude, only selecting students who will be useful to him to join his club, and he does not take the bloodline theory seriously.Of course, it is an honor to be valued by the old slug and join the club, but the purebloods who have not been selected will not appreciate him, even if they think they rely on their blood? The same is true for elitists by natureHe didn't rely on bloodlines, but relied on the ability of the school to select candidates. For pure blood, this is Slughorn's 
   crime
   And Gemma Farley, who has been influenced by this kind of influence, only showed a due courtesy to Slughorn.Well, Newell, Mr. Slughorn...For some reason, my father and I are going abroad to inspect the family's property outside. ' she replied.
   Oh...
    Slughorn immediately understood what she meant—it seemed that the Farley family had also heard about Voldemort's resurrection, and they didn't plan to get involved.To be honest, he was very moved.If possible, he would also like to find an opportunity to sneak out of the country with the Farley family, but we don't usually know each other very well, so it is difficult for him to say this.
   So, Gilderoy, aren't you planning to go abroad? I don't think you're ready
    Slughorn noticed this keenly.If Lockhart also planned to flee the country, then he didn't need to prepare these Defense Against the Dark Arts equipment, and now there are a lot of equipment here, which means that he intends to stay and deal with Voldemort?Lockhart glanced aside, then nodded resolutely under Gemma's disappointed gaze.Chapter 390 Eight Resources Are In PlaceBecause it was in front of outsiders, Gemma was not easy to get angry, so after learning that Lockhart's attention had been decided, she walked out of the room angrily, as if she was going to cry with her father about Lockhart's 
   not knowing good from bad
    
   After the absence of outsiders, Slughorn finally stopped covering up, but bluntly expressed his 
   appreciation
    for Lockhart, and strongly hinted that he was willing to use the influence of the 
   Slug Club
    to help Lockhart a handful.
   The current situation is not very good...
    Slughorn carefully considered his words and sentences, 
   I discussed carefully with several students back then, and finally agreed that in the current situation, we need a strong leader We point the way forward...what do you think?
   For this extremely clever old man, Lockhart felt that he had to figure out the other party's purpose before deciding what to do.
   You mean Dumbledore? I agree.
    Lockhart pretended to be stupid.
   Yes, of course Dumbledore can always be trusted.
   Slughorn did not directly deny Dumbledore's authority, but Lockhart's answer was obviously not what he hoped for.And Lockhart also waited patiently, asking Slughorn to say first, at such a time, the party who asks for others can't hold his breath no matter what.Sure enough, seeing that Lockhart was unmoved, Slughorn had no choice but to reveal his true intentions:    ...But I also know that Dumbledore is very busy, and he has to concentrate on solving big problems, which is very important. Maybe we can’t take care of the little people like us.”
   What do you mean?
   
   I mean, why don't we try to help ourselves first? That way we can help Dumbledore a little bit.
    Slughorn cautiouslySay.Lockhart smiled:    So, how many people have decided to join this exchange?
   What about aid organizations?In other words, how many people, like you, think it is necessary for us to hug each other to keep warm? 
   Slughorn was overjoyed:    Many! And many of them are unarmed, dying poor people who just hope to have a safe place to live...
   Regarding the phrase 
   unarmed
   , Lockhart decided not to comment, but after thinking about it carefully, this is indeed a good opportunity to buy people's hearts.In the coming war, Voldemort is destined to use violence against those who are unwilling to obey him, and this will not only make those who opposed him even more against him, but also make a group of 
   silent majority
    turned against him.Regardless of whether it is public opinion or political momentum, the loudest voices are always a very small minority, and although the majority are silent, their power is not small.Ordinary politicians can only detect their attitudes when they vote. Only politicians with better observation and judgment can keenly detect the direction of the wind in advance.Because Voldemort's personal strength is too strong, most people dare not directly resist.If they can win the support of these people, even if they only secretly support the Order of the Phoenix, it will be of great help to the improvement of the situation of the Order of the Phoenix.Not to mention that in order to maintain his rule, Voldemort must allow his men to kill Muggles.After thinking it over, Lockhart made a promise:    No problem, the African Wizarding Union will support us. This time about the Sphinx, that person slapped them in the face, and they are trying to get revenge.
   
   You mean, Africa?
   
   Yes, there are hundreds of thousands of wizards living in Africa. Even the Mysterious Man would not be able to capture Africa immediately. We can arrange their families there and let Dumbledore be the secret keeper.
    Lockhart promised .Slughorn felt that this plan was acceptable to him: if Voldemort wanted to send a large number of troops to Africa to trouble the family members of these insignificant civilians, then he had to solve the problem of the domestic Order of the Phoenix first.If the Order of the Phoenix is ​​dealt with, it won't matter where these people flee.Seeing Slughorn nod, Lockhart struck while the iron was hot.   
   
Chapter 188   
   
   
   Have you ever thought about teaching at Hogwarts? One year is enough.
    He reminded, 
   After Alastor Moody left Hogwarts in May this year, Hogwarts The post of Professor of Defense Against the Dark Arts will be vacant for another year, and Hogwarts is undoubtedly the safest place under Dumbledore's protection.
   Slughorn was a little moved:    I will seriously consider it, Gilderoy.
   
   When will I get an answer... oh no, I should ask the headmaster to hire you himself
   Heart'The old slug immediately understood:    Yes, after all, I have been retired for many years. If I re-employ, I'm afraid I still need some time to prepare lessons.
   Talking to smart people is a pleasure. Although the old slug and Gemma Farley are egoists, Lockhart does not dislike people who can distinguish between interests and know how to exchange obligations for power.After talking about the business, the atmosphere in the room suddenly improved a lot, and Slughorn finally began to covertly express that he hoped that Lockhart could come to the house where he is currently living to have a talk on the weekend. During a tea party, he would introduce a few people to him.This can be regarded as officially sharing his contacts with Lockhart.Lockhart smiled and agreed. Although not all the people in the Slug Club are high-ranking government officials, they all play a 
   fulcrum
    role in the wizarding society, which is very suitable for Lockhart to control public opinion. .
   I'll be there this weekend.
    Lockhart promised, 
   It just so happens that I have something to ask you.
   He's planning to befriend Slughorn.Slughorn upholds the 
   meritism
    of superiority and the 
   pragmatism
    of catching mice is a good cat. Lockhart is very clear that this is an improvement for wizards and even human history. .But he is also very clear about its problem-that is, people who achieve excellent results do not rely entirely on ability, and may rely more on luck.After all, there are many capable people, but few successful ones.And even if they have real abilities at a real price, people who obtain resources by virtue of 
   excellent performance
    are often not representative in social life, so it is a bit outrageous to let him be in the top position indiscriminately.Just to give an example-the teacher always likes to let the students with the best grades in the class serve as class cadres. This is the most direct 
   meritism
   Exam scores are good, and success is less dependent on luck, but this is not the case in society, where luck often accounts for more factors in success than strength.But even so, are people who do well in the exam really suitable to be class leaders who need management and organizational skills?Also, people who have become class cadres have their own needs. Can they really represent the interests of all students?The same is true in society. It is not known whether people who have achieved excellent results by virtue of their connections, family resources, and luck have the ability, but even if they have the ability, they cannot represent the interests of everyone in the society, and even most Human interests cannot be represented.Not to mention anything else, even the class cadres of primary school students would embezzle public funds when buying materials for class meetings and class celebrations, and secretly buy themselves two popsicles.This is the drawback of 
   meritism
   .It's a pity that human beings still can't get rid of meritism, because if even 
   meritism
    cannot be used as a criterion for power distribution, then other doctrines will be even more immoral, or in other words, less operable.For a meritocracy like Slughorn, Lockhart was determined to bring him to justice.Control it under your own hands, instead of giving such people the opportunity to manipulate the political arena.Slughorn returned satisfied, and Lockhart finally got what he wanted.After careful calculation, Lockhart realized that the social resources at hand were not too small.He now has part of Dumbledore's network resources, the political legacy left by the old Crouch, the shipping channel rights of two gold-absorbing industries, the favor of the Hogwarts Student Union, and the experience of cooperating with large companies. There is also a good relationship cultivated through dealing with the media for a long time, and now Slughorn is willing to send the club to him. This influence has reached a terrifying level.To be honest, if he had similar resources in his previous life, he might have the guts to directly fire his boss, and then compete for the position of prime minister.With all this in place, Lockhart thought to himself that he only needed 
   one more big victory
    to be the Minister of Magic, which would not be difficult.Chapter 390 Nine Rumors AboundAfter participating in the 
   Slug Club
    once and successfully becoming one of Slughorn's 
   most admired students
   , Lockhart suddenly found that his career of spreading rumors has become much smoother.He inquired carefully about the channel through which Slughorn learned of Voldemort's return, and found that he got the information two days later than the Farleys, which belonged to the third channel of transmission.Knowing this is important, because Lockhart wants to understand the relationship between wizards and the channels of information transmission.The first to get news of Voldemort's return was naturally Voldemort himself.The second is the Death Eaters who were summoned by Voldemort immediately, and the Order of the Phoenix who got the news indirectly. These can be counted as the first to get the news.And the people who got the news in the second time were those who had a deep connection with the Death Eaters' pure-blood interests, such as Mr. Farley's family, and those senior officials of the Ministry of Magic who got the information through the Order of the Phoenix.It was the third time that Slughorn learned of Voldemort's return, which meant that in the eyes of the Death Eaters, the old slug was simply an insignificant person, and he ranked very low in the relationship.It is estimated that Slughorn was able to learn the news not through the initiative of the Death Eaters, but through other channels.Sure enough, under questioning, Slughorn admitted that when he was attending a Slytherin alumni meeting, he discovered that someone was whispering to him, so he used a little trick to find out In the end what happened.Lockhart didn't want to delve into how a master of potions got the information, but he could confirm one thing through this incident—that is, the Death Eaters have no plans to extend their tentacles to the wizarding society and set up a competent organizationOtherwise, even if the Death Eaters couldn't win over a potion master like Slughorn, they would find a way to control him in advance.It seems Voldemort is very confident in controlling the Ministry of Magic.Because he has never experienced a wand flashback accident, the current Voldemort may not want to engage in prophecy balls, but the penetration of the Ministry of Magic will definitely not be less.Lockhart felt that if he was Voldemort, he would not rush to rescue his men from Azkaban until he confirmed that the Ministry of Magic could not respond to him, because that would mean forcing the Ministry of Magic to admit what happened thing.In the original book, the Ministry of Magic fought Dumbledore for more than half a year, and when the Ministry of Magic was struggling from top to bottom, Voldemort chose to rob the prison, because at that time Fudge had reached the stage where he had to insist on making mistakes.What the enemy is afraid of is what we are determined to do, so now Lockhart's top priority is to make Voldemort think he has been exposed, and then he has to rob the prison early before his strength has returned to its peak.So without further ado, he gave all the seniors who came to the Slug Club a set of gadgets that can prevent black magic, including smoke bombs, anti-curse cloaks and so on.Of course, the order from Diagon Alley would not arrive so soon, and what Lockhart sent was the things he had accumulated in the past.The person who received the item was naturally baffled. Although it is a good thing to get a gift, the gift itself is not something that can be used frequently.However, they didn't think much about it at this time, because Lockhart's identity was there, they only thought it was due to Lockhart's professional relationship, and they liked to give people defense against the dark arts items.Until they start hearing some buzz from the market.Just as the duel entertainment of the Five Powers Tournament started, the rumors spread by Mundungus and the others finally began to spread among the wizards.Big things happened in Game [-] of the Big Five Tournament!Someone has kidnapped Durmstrang's principal!The Ministry of Magic has urgently summoned Aurors to protect the Ministry of Magic!Ministry of Magic officials have privately ordered a large number of equipment for defense against the dark arts!The Ministry of Magic's Department of Mysteries has discovered a new wizarding virus that turns people into wild boars and forgets they're wizards!A cult has revived the five-legged monster blood curse, and wants to turn all wizards into five-legged monsters!Dumbledore is dead!He hasn't been in the public eye for monthsPromises like these appeared one after another, causing a sense of panic in the wizarding world.At first, the Ministry of Magic didn't pay much attention to these rumors, because these rumors were too outrageous, and they didn't think anyone would believe them.And just as Lockhart predicted, it was precisely because there were too many differences between these rumors and the truth that the Ministry of Magic did not suspect that the Order of the Phoenix was messing around.They just mentioned it publicly in the newspapers, saying that these are just rumors, but they are not true.But the Ministry of Magic, who has not studied information communication, obviously doesn't know. When they haven't figured out the channel of rumor transmission and cut it off, they should try not to mention these thingsSo soon almost half of the magic world knew about these rumors, even if they didn't believe them, at least they already knew the content of these 
   nonsense
   .The Ministry of Magic's press office thought that the matter had been resolved, but the subsequent development of the matter was completely beyond their expectations.First of all, after these rumors were thoroughly spread, some people began to openly question the truth of the matter.Although the content of these rumors is very sensational, logically speaking, it is not completely impossible. At least the accident in the middle of the competition and the news of Karkaroff's sudden escape are undoubtedly true.The first concern of doubters is what the Ministry of Magic is covering up. If these gossips that Liu spread to the market are indeed rumors, then why has the Ministry of Magic never announced the truth of the matter, but instead blocked them.Also, why does the Ministry of Magic keep saying that these are all rumors, but the officials of the Ministry of Magic are secretly purchasing equipment for defense against black magic, and some pure-blood family members even go abroad suddenly?
   Witch Weekly
    even launched a special interview column for housewives. Almost all housewives, including Mrs. Weasley, complained that the prices of necessities in the market are getting more and more expensive.Originally, as long as the husband had a basic income, the housewife could easily afford the meat, cheese, and wool needed for the family’s life. Even if the life was tight, it would never be too much not go down.But the recent price increase is more than one or two items, but the price of almost all daily necessities has become more expensive.For this reason, 
   Witch Weekly
    raised a question to the Ministry of Magic on behalf of the majority of witches-is there someone hoarding the necessities of life for wizards?Fudge read the housewives' questions with a frown, and then called the director of the minister's logistics department.Yes, it is the logistics department, because there is no department related to economic issues in the Ministry of Magic at all.
   ...
   Witch Weekly
    said that prices have risen sharply recently, is that true?
    Fudge asked.The director of the logistics department was stunned for a moment, then he thought desperately in his mind for a long time, and finallyIt was only later that I remembered that my wife seemed to have complained recently that the price of Floo powder had increased by 1 Sickle to 3 Sickles per scoop.
   Well...the price of floo powder has indeed increased.
    He replied honestly.
   What about the others?
   
   do not know.
   Fudge is a little dissatisfied. As the Minister of Magic, I can be ignorant of the grassroots and divorced from the masses, but how can you hard-working cadres know nothing about it?■
   Where's the food?
    he asked.The director of the logistics office had no choice but to spread his hands:    I really don't know, because we are in London!
   It was only then that Fudge remembered that these officials from the Ministry of Magic might not know enough about wizarding villages.Due to the small population of wizards and their distribution all over the UK, the hundreds of staff of the Ministry of Magic and their family members already account for nearly one-tenth of the wizard population in the UK. Most of these people live in London, and some of them live in London. It's in the country.In a big city like London, it is neither possible nor necessary for wizards to grow their own vegetables. Except for magic items, they have to go to Diagon Alley to buy their daily necessities from the Muggle market. If the price of food in the store does not increase, they will hardly feel the price changes in the wizarding world.But other wizards are different—some of them are in Hogsmeade, some are in Godric's Hollow, and some live in mixed villages like St. Catchpole Village. They are more sensitive to prices.It can be considered that Fudge should have this difficulty.-------------Chapter Dividing Line---------------The disconnect between wizards living in London and those in the countryside is perhaps another big problem in the wizarding world.■■■EASBarty Crouch lives in London, he can obey the Muggle dress codeMake no mistake, the entrance to the Ministry of Magic is the telephone station, and later the Muggle public toiletTherefore, there are two official vehicles in the Ministry that can be used to pick up important tasks, and there are also two official vehicles for ridingTaxi bus, a highly muggleized form of public transportBut wizards living in the country are relatively slow to these things, even the Weasley family is the same. Mrs. Weasley doesn't even know the internal structure of the car, and Ron is completely ignorant of the knight bus as a mode of transportation...This only shows that the urbanization of Muggles also has a great impact on wizards, even if they don't realize it.When the oil trade and pharmacy business created inflation problems, the Ministry of Magic officials who lived in the city were very slow to respond.Either they didn't realize the problem, or they thought it was no big deal, and they could get food from the Muggle cities anyway, and it was cheaper.Although the wizard's farm has the climatic conditions and land fertility that Muggles dream of, and the food rich in magic can be increased with the increase spell, it stands to reason that the cost should not be higher than that of Muggles.However, what wizard farms have to face are also problems that Muggle farms such as goblins, piggies, Flobber caterpillars, and magical germs will not encounter. Therefore, the labor cost is still high, and the price is reflected in the price except for grain. Apart from being relatively cheap, the prices of the rest of the food are high.Because of his ignorance of the living conditions of the common people, Fudge made a small mistake—he thought that the influx of foreign gold would not affect the prices of wizard agricultural products, but he ignored the labor from the oil and pharmaceutical industries Famine also heavily affects the agricultural population among wizards.The reason is not difficult to understand. Just like the migrant workers who come to work in the city, they work hard to grow food. They can only earn a few thousand yuan a year, but they can earn three to four thousand yuan a month working in the city. They will naturally choose industries that make more money. .Among the various costs of wizard farming, the human cost is the cheapest.Fudge knew that he had made a mistake, and felt that he should take care of the rising prices, or at least pretend to do so, otherwise the public's dissatisfaction would all be poured on him.
   Has a lot of people been hoarding food and Defense Against the Dark Arts items lately?
    Fudge asked again.The director of the logistics department seemed very confused:    Yes, some people did buy some black magic defense equipment and potions because of rumors, but food... I really haven't heard of it.
   Because the director of the logistics department does not belong to the core political circle, the news of Voldemort's 
   possible
    return is still only known within the circle of senior officials such as Fudge and Scrimgeour, and even several directors are not aware of it, so he It's understandable to be confused by the situation.
   I'll figure out a way about the food.
    Fudge didn't think about it, 
   But you have to investigate the matter of the Defense Against the Dark Arts equipment, and take control actions when appropriate. This is no joke.
   
   Oh?
    The head of the logistics department was a little surprised, 
   Do you want to take care of it? If someone is willing to buy it, then let them buy it. It can just help us clear the inventory
   Our inventory?
    Fudge's face changed. 
   You mean, our Auror equipment?
   The director of the logistics department didn't know why he had such a big reaction, but he answered Fudge honestly.
   Yes, we have already sold some of them, and we are looking for an opportunity to sell the restFudge almost woke upHe immediately yelled at the director of the logistics department, spraying all the saliva on the other's face:    No! Who allowed you to do this?!
   The director of the logistics department was even more confused:    Uh, minister...we have always beenDid you do that? 
   
   All this time?
   
   Yes, a lot of equipment in our Auror office is about to expire. For example, the potions and invisibility cloaks in reserve are still valid for at most 2 years. Why don't you sell them now to free up funds and wait for the price of the equipment to drop?
    Once it comes down, we can replace it with a new one without spending a penny...
   Fudge really jumped up this time:    This is nonsense! What if ourWhat should Luo do in an emergency? 
   
   No.
    The director of the logistics department seemed very confident, 
   We will keep a small batch of equipment and medicine, which is enough to maintain the duty for about half a year. After the price drops...
   
   What if it doesn't fall?
    Fudge's face was a little ugly.
   
   
Chapter 189   
   
   
   Impossible. Anyway, the news on the market is just rumors. After the limelight passes, those anti-epidemic enthusiasts with delusions of persecution find that they have a large amount of useless equipment and medicines in their hands, and they can only sell them at low prices. We can take the opportunity to…”Hearing that the head of the logistics department, Shi Ren, was still talking endlessly, Fudge almost wanted to strangle him to death.He finally couldn't help it anymore:    Stop it, idiot! Listen to my order now, and it is forbidden to sell any equipment to the outside world, no matter whether it is expired or about to expire, it is not allowed to sell!
   
   Ah?
    The director of the logistics department was dumbfounded.Fudge slapped the table irritably, 
   Get out of here! Go and check your clothes quickly.Prepare, leave me as much as you have, and then make up for the sold equipment and medicine as soon as possible, and then check how much money is left, and go to the Muggle supermarket to buy a batch of food... In addition, call my assistant And the director of the press office came in! 
   After the director of the logistics department heard Fudge's order, his face turned pale, as if he had thought of something.
   Okay, okay, I'll call here.
    He hurried out.The director of the press office soon came to Fudge's office, and what Fudge asked him to do was also very simple: he was asked to impose a password ban on the media, prohibiting them from reporting-everything related to spreading rumors, and appealing to all Farms and livestock farms sell food to wizards at a low price.As for Fudge's assistant, Fudge asked him to arrange a meeting for himself as soon as possible. He would discuss with wizards like Malfoy and Farley who have a lot of land in their families, and begged them not to sell food to Muggles this year, and try to Leave the yield in for internal digestion.If they agreed, he could consider lowering the    Special Tax on Trade with Muggles
    a little bit.Although the reaction was a bit slow, Fudge felt that his response was fairly timely, at least no outsiders could criticize him.But when he went through arduous negotiations and finally reached an agreement with those land-owning wizards, he heard terrible news from his subordinates:The food he bought from a Muggle supermarket with Ministry of Magic spare funds was robbed by a group of angry housewives in Diagon Alley!-------------Chapter Dividing Line---------------Fudge is confused when he hears that the car he sent out to buy food has been hijacked.Who leaked the news?What is the purpose of the robbery?The conscience of heaven and earth, he bought these foods to stabilize the price and avoid continuing to be blamed, and the price is not expensive, why would anyone want to rob it?But without knowing the situation, it was impossible to judge everything, so Fudge hurriedly called his trusted guards, and then flew to Diagon Alley with the fireplace.It turned out that when he arrived at Diagon Alley, he discovered that the so-called    robbery
    was completely different from what he had imagined.Because the things were bought from Muggles this time, they couldn't confiscate all the food in front of Muggles, so they chose to use a rented pickup truck to transport the goods.By the time Fudge arrived, the truck was already empty, the door was wide open, and a small pile of coins was left in place.Seeing Fudge coming, the staff responsible for transporting the food hastily explained that he just did it out of helplessness.
   A group of wizards saw us unloading things under the car and asked us to sell them,
    he explained.
   Didn't you tell them that these were just bought by the Ministry?
    asked Fudge.The wizard made a smile that was uglier than crying:    It's because I said it that I became like this.
   Fudge burst out a few swear words, and everyone who heard them twisted their necks outward in unison, looking for the 
   thugs
    that didn't exist around themAfter cursing for a while, Fudge looked at the small pile of coins in the truck.
   So it's not a robbery, it's a forced buy, is it?
    he asked hopefully.If it wasn't for robbery, at least it wouldn't sound too bad to say it, and Fudge's purpose of getting people to buy these was originally to stabilize prices, which can be regarded as benevolent.
   Yes!
    The wizard who transported the food quickly replied, 
   Just now there was a little man there to take pictures, and took pictures of those people robbing...forcibly buying them. There are only two of us, and there is nothing we can do to stop them...
   
   Wait!
    Fudge raised his heart that had just let go, 
   Take a picture? Is it a reporter? Which company?
   
   It's not a reporter.
    The driver also helped to explain, 
   It's just a young boy passing by, holding something in his hand, and wearing a Hogwarts robe... a Gryffindor scarf, he should just come to Diagon Alley to buy things Yes, I shot it without any hassle.”
   Oh...
    Fudge felt a little relieved after hearing this - if it was just taken casually, the problem shouldn't be too big.After thinking about it, he asked these two people to go to the newspaper office of the Daily Prophet and let them report what happened just now.
   We still have a lot of food, wizards, please don't worry, don't believe rumors, the Ministry of Magic is taking active measures to stabilize prices... probably this is the caliber, you can discuss the details with my assistant... well, I'm going to the nearby Go to the store and see who is snapping up.
   Fudge finished his confession and left, looking like he was going to figure out what the hell was going on.thing.After he left, the two wizards in charge of transportation were relieved.Fudge didn't hold them accountable, nor did he ask who the real buyer was,This made them very grateful, because the large group of wizards who demanded to buy them just now were not strangers to them.After all, wizards are a society of acquaintances. If you make a slight detour, almost everyone is related. Some of the wizards who are forced to buy are even their relatives. , Then they knew almost all of those people just now.So they really couldn't refuse the request of those people, and being able to pretend to 
   stop
    it was all they could do. As for blocking, it was absolutely impossible.There may be factions at the top, but there is really no need for these low-level employees to damage their personal relationships in order to 
   do their duty
   .It is estimated that Fudge did not scold the two of them precisely because he knew this.Just to be on the safe side, when the little Gryffindor guy was taking pictures, the two of them kept 
   flashing their teeth and claws
   , pretending that they were stopping these people, so that even if the photos were published, they could say they were trying their best.And just as they were relieved, Lockhart also took those photos in the Leaky Cauldron.
   Good job, Colin!
    He patted the shoulder of the little boy in front of him approvingly, 
   The technique of developing photos is getting more and more proficient.
   Colin Creevey's face beamed with excitement:    Yes, sir! I can wash a sheet in half a minute now!
   Lockhart looked at the photo, and sure enough, he saw two Ministry of Magic employees trying their best to prevent the crowd from grabbing food.
   The angle is good, the lighting is also good, and even the expressions on these people's faces are clearly captured, tsk tsk... Do you have backups of these photos?
   
   Yes, sir.
   makeup. 
   Lockhart smiled and put the photo in his pocketLi, 
   Take it back to school and publish these photos in the school newspaper.
   
   No problem.
    Colin replied simply.It was Professor Lockhart who brought him into the magical world and provided a lot of convenience for his photography hobby. He not only sponsored his photography club, but also contacted newspaper media for him, so that he could sell himself to shoot the five-wild competition photo, and even contacted the job years in advance, now is the time for him to give backAnd it's for justice - to expose the Ministry of Magic's cover-up!Unlike those people, I, Colin Creevey, am a Gryffindor, a media person with a conscience!Seeing that the kid in front of him was immersed in a sense of justice and couldn't extricate himself, Lockhart didn't insult him with such vulgar things as money, but told him to go back to school quickly and be careful recently.After Colin left, Lockhart also took the photos and went straight to the headquarters of Witch Weekly. He had something to discuss with the editor-in-chief.He has been laying out the layout for so long, it is almost time to close the net.After Fudge walked around Diagon Alley a few times, he was surprised to find that almost all the shops selling magic equipment were out of stock.After inquiring about Wieseac, he found out that the newspapers and media, which always liked to exaggerate, did not exaggerate the description of the 
   panic
    in the wizarding world this time, but did not describe it enough.He finally realized that something was wrong:    Who bought out the stock?
   Weizeac was hard to beat: Dugun people, first a few high-ranking members of your Ministry of Magic, then some staff, and then everyone came to buy it.    
   Higher Ministry?
    said Fudge in disbelief. 
   Who?
   Weizeac hesitated for a moment, as if to ascertain whether Fudge was fakingHe came out, but after thinking twice, he decided not to betray Lockhart.
   We must strictly abide by commercial confidentiality. We can't tell you who they are, but... they are all from the Ministry of Magic.
   Fudge thought for a moment, then flew into a rage.Needless to say, Weizeek had already guessed who those people might be.The first person to buy equipment secretly must be an insider, that is, the person who knew that there was an accident in the competition that night, so there is no need to run away.Although these people obeyed Fudge on the surface and did not make this matter public, these guys themselves were secretly hoarding supplies!These bastards!If he wasn't still in Diagon Alley, I'm afraid that Fudge would explode at that time, but he still forcibly suppressed his anger, and did not call his assistant angrily until he returned to his office, asking him to notify all the senior management. Two days in the conference room
   
   
